
mind control
THE PRISON FOR THE MIND
The reward system
TRAIN AND LEARN AND BECOME BETTER AND BETTER
2023. The contract has been fulfilled.

A prison for the mind, was preventing our higher self to come back to us.

mind control - cognitive learning concept
mind control - the fail of eugenics
Learn Telepathy - part1 Telepathy concept
Learn Telepathy - part2 Learn physiognomics
Learn Telepathy - part3 Learn read the atheist mind
Learn Telepathy - part4 extensions or distortions?
Physiognomics training - part1 Barbie and Bubi analysis
Physiognomics training - part2 most brutal Nazi examples
Physiognomics training - part3 Yugoslavia war genocide politicians
mind control - the power of propaganda
mind control - Germans fall to Lucifer
Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
mind control
THE PRISON FOR THE MIND
The reward system
COGNITIVE TRAIN AND LEARN
The symbol of supreme power.

Back to the Nazis, Adolf Hitler would introduce their symbol just when they founded the NSDAP in 1920.
The symbol of power was the Nazi salute with raised right arm, This symbol was only half of the true symbol.
The other half was to spell out loud: Hail Hitler".

What this does is it again, for you to never forget again, it trains specific parts of the brain, by reward the "I think so I am" with a shot of Hormones.
Now this is the most natural thing Intelligence ever came up with, And it is also the most powerful design our beloved Father in Heaven, Alpha Intelligence, came up with as I said, this is the fundament of the Evolution which made the so called DNA possible.
Imagine Kids are very natural, because no one limited their thinking yet.
The kids always moving, laughing, singing, dancing, playing, making Pirouettes.

They will learn to perfect: the movement of the body, singing skills, painting and fantasy.

Psychology found that if children dance, while holding hands, to learn a new song and its text, that they will remember more easy as soon as they would remember the rhythm and the intonation, come with it, like beat and off beat.

They also found to spell out loud, the winner parole "Sieg heil", while raising the right arm and contracting the muscles, helps with the reward.
It will also train better but this paroles, can be learned in one minute, but the repetition will train the reward system, like sports the muscles, and thinking the brain.
There is no difference of train the muscles or the brain, nor the reward system or Clektal system.
All of this works the same way.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
mind control
THE PRISON FOR THE MIND
Eugenics
THE INCEST FAIL OF THE SATANISTS
The third ingredient.

People would now learn about the concept, of the supreme Human being which they described as the Aryan race.
Tall and blond, blue eyes, white skin, very intelligent, strong and healthy.
The ones that will take over the world, and rule upon all other people on earth, that were declared as unworthy because not Aryan in genetics.
Yes in genetics you hear me right, I know this sounds so familiar: The Eugenics, the failed attempt of the Satanists to keep their genetics, that ended up in a nasty incest degeneration of the DNA.

It might have taken a few generations, where then the new born Satanists would have degeneration, and do not look good nor healthy, until the new braid DNA would reactivate the potential of health and beauty.
For get around, they would secretly pay healthy woman to give birth to their DNA, and would of course remove the baby right at birth, so no one would recognize it.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
GAME OF POWER DUEL
part 1
THE CONCEPT OF TELEPATHY
Remove the mind control and use your Alpha Intelligence

Warning: The following content is only for adult above 14 Years of age.

It is a program to learn from the past and gain back our supreme power of Intelligence, which is called Telepathy.

Historical or recent evidence is used, as a collection to understand: Satanism and how to use physiognomics as an anchor, which is only a word that is part of Telepathy.
As I wrote under the page I ( Intelligence chapter ), the concept and technology of Telepathy is the underlaying gift from our beloved Father Alpha Intelligence.
Remember this was the most important concept to start creation and is pure based on unconditional Love, to save the life of All the babies, also the Animal babies.
In our macro level Dimension, it is the Tree and Dwarf concept, that makes the connection to the Mother possible, while on the Clektal Dimensions it is the same concept but Rabbit, Flower, Garden multiples.
All on the same Principle and concept of "."0" Omni Logic entangled with the root of root Tree Of Knowledge.

The concept of Telepathy is the fundament of the Evolution, as I described.
For us humans it is for the first 7 Years, where the Child is fully connected by Telepathy to the Mother, to ensure the survival of the Child at all times.
This concept is therefore well known, but only to the loving Mothers related to their Child. The trick of the 1% elite was working perfect as you will find in the following content.
But only on 98% of the population, while the elite with their underdogs, take 1%.
The remaining 1% were the Indigenous people, thinkers, artists, musicians, creatives, Intelligent.

Satanism caused by Lucifer and his Satanists, is a very dark spot, but unfortunately this dark spot of 1% did cover the whole history of our past.
It goes way beyond the 2023 Years since Christ, and is the old Testament, better understandable by the Sumerian tablets, where the same story was written by Gilgamesh.
Gilgamesh, seem to be a very intelligent being, one of the true Sumerian Gods, where in the Bible you can find: "The Gods came down from heaven and made Children with women on Earth."

Just a teaser, on the Sumerian origin of the Bible: Genesis 6:4. "The Nephilim were on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when the sons of God came in to the daughters of man and they bore children to them.
These were the mighty men who were of old, the men of renown".

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
GAME OF POWER DUEL
part 2
EYE CONTACT AS SURVIVAL INSTINCT
I ever had this indescribable feeling, when looking in some ones face and eyes, that some people have something to hide.
Somehow this boy with name Philipp Wyler, has a physical appearance of the body, that is very small and skinny.
Nothing to be scared of, for any atheist or Satanist.
But as soon as I look into their eyes, boy they know exactly what is going on, and somehow instantly become nervous, pale and maybe even sweaty.
It is exactly the same as I have with the Animals and Plants.
It is based on telepathy.
This simply means, that the Animals and Plants always speaking and have a chat, conversation or whatever you want to call it.
Now the only difference to humans is, that we simply do not listen to them.

That is it, and nothing else than that: We do not listen.

For understanding the subject that leads into complete nihilation of the daily mind control, we can look at the Animal Kingdom on how it works.
It is very simple and everyone of us might already know it.
If two non vegetarian animals meet, they will look at each other, to see who is stronger.
It is not about the carnivore eat each other, no no not at all, but it is about their territory.
Carnivores including humans, almost without exception, eat only vegetarian Animals and not other carnivores.
This is just a fact for you to understand.

Now at the moment they bump into each other, they will make and keep and hold eye contact, does not matter if there is some noise in the background or not.
It is a pure demonstration of power, where the one who turn the head and run away, has lost and the other will instantly attack.
It is a huge survival game, since this was exactly the same for us humans, before we have made our enemies go extinct.

So I want you to understand that this was exactly the same for us, where if we would turn around and run, then the Wolfs, Bears, Lions, Tigers just any bigger carnivore would have won.
Then we would have been killed and eaten, since we have the teeth and intestines of a vegetarian species.

Now this concept of the eye contact, the game of power, this is the holy grail of the mind control puppets like: Mangers, head of departments, administrators, clerks, teachers, police and others.

They have given the knowledge in their secret societies, that when keeping eye contact and make the game of power, then the other will become scared and turn the eyes away.
Now they are subjugated and will obey, as history has proven.
Now there is a second part to this, which is equally powerful, and combined with the eye contact, this is the most sophisticated common used mind control technique.

It is the silence, just to speak no word, while keeping the eye contact and perform the game of power.
Chess mate, Game over, 98% of the people will instantly obey, and accept the authority without questioning.
With the silence, then people just begin speaking, and tell their weaknesses, because of they feel bad and faint compared to the complete superiority of the Leader in front of them.

Exactly the same technique as is used by the Catholic and Protestant Churches, which pretend that we are all sinners, by birth.
But we are created in the image of God, mean that they accuse our beloved Father Alpha and Omega, to be a sinner. Ridiculous, isn't it?

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
GAME OF POWER DUEL
part 3
HOW TO READ THE MIND OF ATHEISTS AND SATANISTS
Back to the topic of atheists and Satanists, and me. Yea that brings a smile to my face, since I would never loose nor agree since I could just walk off because exactly nothing material to fall for.
So I never lost in the last 28 years, since I understand there wise teachings, in the secret societies.
And that is so shocking to them as if they have sort of trauma, because some small time punk kid, would know their secrets, and look directly into their consciousness and see what they are thinking and what is there to hide.

Why is this? It is so simple, now that we understand, that the "."0" Omni State Logic will Return the Key and keychain, as soon as the mind focus goes somewhere.
As I said, "."0" will comeback with the answer, instantly, and yes good news, That Is Not A Joke.

And this is their problem, since I do exactly nothing else than accept the game of power duel, and now as soon as they realize that I know, they are shocked and just that little focus on what is to hide, brings the Answer back and I can see it just as I would read a book or look at an image with annotation.
It was always a great pleasure for me to accept the game of power duel and win each and every time.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
GAME OF POWER DUEL
part 4
EXTENSION OR DISTORTION SECRET
Now there is two well documented ways to understand a human mind, by just looking at the text they write, and the second concept is to look at the face, eyes, ears, nose and lips.
Calligraphy is the psychology of hand writing, and physiognomics is the psychology of the face.
In both disciplines, we would understand the mind without seeing them or talking ever before.
Simply means that we are The expression and manifestation of our "I think therefore I am".

Physiognomics was popular until the new millennium, and now is denied by psychology standards.
It is because a open mind would instantly learn about why the politicians, managers, scientists and rich people, on what they are on the inside.
Imagine we are talking about presidents leading the countries or even unions of countries, that look funny to me, so to speak.

In the past two centuries I saw some images of these rich rulers and leaders.
They look not very healthy nor bright in most cases, but nowadays I have noticed that young super rich Millennials, have that sort of perfect appearance, tall size, perfect teeth, nose shape, sportive body.
I remember Dolly the sheep, the first official clone, presented 1996 to the public as the new source of eternal life.
I thought this is not good, they are playing God and as Lucifer has proven, this is forbidden in the whole universe. Period!

Dolly was growing older as time progressed, and reach the Grandmother age and died.
But it took only six months, instead of 10 years, or how long a sheep without environmental stress would live.
Well since then I have heard nothing ever again about cloning and their applications, except that you can go to the hospital and let a egg being fertilized with some ones sperm, and that you could by enhanced sperm, dependent on your budget.
They would use an egg from the women and fertilize it put place it inside the women, as if it was her own egg fertilized with the sperm of her husband.

I noticed the notion of silicone Brest extensions, lip extensions, nose operations, and Beautox seems to be a thing to do for the rich and famous.
For me its horrifying, like a distortion instead of the artificial top layer beauty, because I see the deficiency in consciousness that lead into buying beauty, and sportive with a expensive car.
It is the same like buying love from a prostitute. It is something I will never ever ever ever be able to understand, since Love to a woman leads into sexuality, was always the most normal and natural thing I experienced.

I would never search or need a partner, since this always happened just so, because the beautiful and gentle girls, would instantly fell understood without hypocrisy, or the intend to get them into bed, which is a form of lying where the guys are not interested in the girls mind, but only in sex.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
PHYSIOGNOMICS TRAINING
part 1
JERKS AND CHEATERS, BARBIE AND BUBI
Barbie?
It becomes obvious even without knowing the concept of physiognomics, what is going on.
The Nazi's as an example, with their Hitler youth, to become so powerful and successful, they chosen specific people, by means of psychometric testing, and observation at the training, just in the moment where they applied the most physical and mental stress to the teenagers.
This is just the common practice in the military education to form a human soldier, only the Nazi's did this at young age where the mind was not formed yet and in a much higher level of stress, in order to completely compartmentalize the mind.

Therefore the Nazi's chosen specific individuals, that as kids were not bright, nor healthy or beautiful, nor sportive and accepted, since no one wanted to play with the liar and cheater.
I give you only one example, that is Klaus Barbie, the Butcher of Lyon.
If you look at this Barbie guy, do you see something special, attractive, smart, intellectual or Aryian supreme?
I don't.
That is how it works because now a jerk becomes a leader and capable of commit a huge part to the genocide, the German's did.
Just enter his name and look under the images or Wikipedia below.
These are the leaders of our society, where many high ranking people are not known to the public yet.

Wiki - Klaus Barbie - Nazi genocide
Images - Klaus Barbie - Nazi genocide
Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
PHYSIOGNOMICS TRAINING
part 2
KILLER TYPE COMPOSITION AND THE REGIMES
There is also another sign I have noticed in some of these Satanists. It is hard to explain, as if I can see that they have killed.
Truly a scary thing for me to look at, since I preferably focus on the beauty of Creation instead.
Aha there it is again Putin, when I first saw an image, it became obvious without further research.

The following list is assembled in a way where the most brutal and evil Nazi leaders are listed first.
With this list, I can learn all different types of evilness, based on the Luciferian worship sacrifice.
The Nazi leaders can have different contributions, while not all were super smart, but all were pure evil by nature, and just had the chance to express their true self as psychopaths, without many restrictions.

Hitler youth: leaders,
Hitler youth: jerks, Barbie, Bubi,
Psychopath schizophrenia,
Super smart: medicine psychology,
Super smart: engineering,

Nazis - junkie - inferiority complex schizophrenia - Adolf Hitler
Nazis - Psychopath schizophrenia - Martin Bormann
Nazis - Hitler youth - propaganda - left & right hand of Hitler Joseph Goebbels
Nazis - Very smart, can hide true identity - Josef Mengele
Nazis - ambitious, beyond words - Petar Brzica
Nazis - Hitler youth, 100% loyal - Alois Brunner
Nazis - Leader, Psychopath- Walter Rauff
Nazis - chief of Gestapo, beyond words - Heinrich Müller
Nazis - Hitler youth, beyond words - Hermann Michel
Nazis - super Barbie, schizophrenia paranoia - Adolf Hitler
Nazis - ultimate killer, no emotions - Heinz Reinefarth
Nazis - the cancer, cholera antrax typhoid tabun sarin - Kurt Blome
Nazis - leader, sick Satanist - Gustav Wagner
Nazis - doctor sick2, beyond words - Aribert Heim
Nazis - Hitler youth, schizophrenia paranoia - Erich Traub
Nazis - Hitler youth, Psychopath jerk - Artur Axmann
Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Learn Telepathy
PHYSIOGNOMICS TRAINING
part 3
POLITICIANS AND LEADERS? NO GENOCIDE CRIMINALS
Now this is as I said all very sad And here and now we the children of the True God, will just use this information, to understand the past based on information and not censorship.
Only now we can understand what we are in, and this is the only way to get rid of it once and for all, because the Contract has been fulfilled and the Earth belongs to us 99% of us the people besides the 1% rich elite.

That is why I would just lookup the images of these proven genocide criminal mass murderer, and think nothing, to see what the images are telling me. Yes it works perfectly fine with an image!
The Yugoslavia war was also extremely terrible but I have only information on what happen while and after the war, and can not say anything about the "before".
The following criminals were responsible for the genocide in the Yugoslavia war from 1991-1993 so it is easy training since I know it is long ago and they are proven to be genocide criminals.
Each of them look completely different but there is something in common, hard to describe, like a compassionless state.
It seems camouflaged by false pride, more of an acted expression.

Wiki - Yugoslavia genocide - Slobodan Milošević
Wiki - Yugoslavia genocide - Radovan Karadžić
Wiki - Yugoslavia genocide - Ratko Mladić
Wiki - Yugoslavia genocide - Slobodan Praljak
Now I would go ahead and look at the politicians that are not accused to be murderers, to see what it wants to tell me.
Since now, I got rid of the mind control and have learned and trained my perception, on how the manifestation of a genocide criminal under the cover of a political leaders can look like.

True Psychopath Dictators.

Images - Barbie type jerk - Augusto Pinochet
Images - Psychopath schizophrenia - Nicolae Ceaușescu
Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
mind control
THE PRISON FOR THE MIND
Glands Hormone secretion
BIOLOGICAL QUANTUM ENTANGLED DNA REWARD SYSTEM
the Nazis would know that this was a fail but on the country level this was plausible.
They tricked the stupid Germans to Believe, that Nazis would speak about Germans, when they presented repeatedly the concept of the Aryan breed, because Germans were blond, tall, smart, sportive, methamphetamine ambitious, and strong leaders.
Nazis did not meant the Germans with it, but made them Believe with all this ritual parade ceremonies, which seem just as a regular worship of Satanism, because the children and people with the parade, would represent the sacrifice to be made later, just presented on the golden plate.
This mass ritual ceremonies, were very powerful training due to the huge reward the body would create, by learning that they are the "third Reich" the rulers of the world, the supreme Aryans.

Nazis have not lied about speaking of them as the Aryans, only problem was the Germans were so stupid to Believe, that they were the Nazis and therefore the Aryans.

Germans truly build some "third Reich", just not for themselves, but only for these few Nazi Satanists, ruling anything in Germany and the war to come.
After the war get away with it And, now here comes the Nazi final conclusion on what this could mean.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
mind control
THE PRISON FOR THE MIND
How the Germans fall the temptation
THE PERFECT SACRIFICE RITUAL GENOCIDE SATANISM
Back to the escaping of the Nazis, the Germans really were told and believed, until the last days of the war, that the secret weapons technologies, will succeed, even United States would be bombarded by some nuclear bombs, delivered and deployed, by a huge massive airplane, consisting of wings only with no fuselage, the idea was invented by the Horton brothers, which came to the conclusion, that the Fuselage creates unwanted small turbulence areas.
The all-wing has most drag, and would be very suitable huge airplane, since the power necessary to stay in the air, would be the least with this design.
Problem was the instability in the air, where at a certain degree of angle, the airplane went stall, and would fall down.

It would not matter since the Germans would Believe the USA nuke story anyway.
In the last two years it became clear that the Germans would loose but this promise of the secret weapons, would keep them going on until the last few days, in their trance state of lies and usage of Methamphetamine.

Did they had UFOs?

Well the Antarctic story with the inner Earth and its entrance sounds plausible to me.
Who knows what they found there, including Admiral Byrd in his rush to Antarctica.
Maybe in Argentina they had their secret country, where they could be human and do their worship to Lucifer with the sacrifices, while some other smart scientific Nazis would fly to Antarctica, to their secret base inside the Earth, because listen to the schizophrenia of Adolf while drinking Tea in the Garden in Argentina would be boring for smart people.
