
mind control
THE PRISON OF THE MIND
the game of the 1% world
STRATEGIC WARFARE GAME THE MONOPOLY
That is how they override our consciousness by prove that something is not working. The parents tell the children, that this is not working, and train the children towards the desired restriction of the mind.

There is a book from George Orwell: Animal farm, a fairy Story.

For founding the Soviet Union, they send out Leon Trotzky, a Russian revolutionary to found and finance the Revolution and become the Union. He was founded by the Wall Street Bankers, the Rothschilds, Rockefellers yes you named it, and other Bankers, to my surprise all of them were Jewish in origin.

Well done, at that time the Us dollar had a value so imagine, some suitcase stuffed with maybe 5-7 million dollars, was worth a billion in todays money. So Trotsky was successful in founding the Soviet Union.

At the end these Pictures in the Tv were shocking and everyone in west Europe would think that Communism is not working at all. After the Perestroika and fall of the Soviet Union, the Federal companies were sold to some rich Russians.

But wait a minute, what means rich Russian Oligarchs, if the wealth of the Soviet Union was divided equally among the people? Hmm that is rather suspicious, how in the world could this happen, that some went super rich inside Soviet Union.

Vladimir Putin
THE KGB AGENT WHO BROUGHT THE RUSSIANS TO THE KNEES
Vladimir Putin was a ambitious man and still is today. Before he came to be a KGB agent, he would train at Judo Martial Arts until around 30 years of age, and do competitions. After the career as KGB agent, he came into office to distribute supplies to the people, since the Russians would not have to pay directly with money, but maybe have food stamps to get their share. What really happened was that Putin had brought the Russians to the knees, by the use of a very common method. It is Hunger which is a mind control topic on its own And the most fundamental one of them.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
The Power of Hunger
GENOCIDE INDUCED MIND CONTROL
The Soviet Union was a huge machine, with all its distribution channels, where crude materials or technology were produced, depending on the part of the country. The goods were transported to Moscow, or somewhere central, and in return the necessary food and supplies of goods were transported back to the people. This distribution system was very slow but worked perfectly well and anybody had heat, food, and gasoline, just what they needed. When Putin came into office, in Moscow, all for a sudden, the trucks and train loads of food, just disappeared, somewhere in the distribution system and nobody knew where or why. This was not necessary to check these supplies, since it ever worked before. Things went hungry, and more and more empty shelves in the shops, so the people would agree to Perestroika.

For the Social fairness the Wealth, energy and productions sites were divided into share certificates, and the people would get their share of the Soviet Union to begin Capitalism. Fair deal thought the Russians, and agreed to Capitalism. What now happened was extremely clever and calculated chess mate. Now you must imagine that the shelves were empty for a couple of years, and the people were starving, but get nothing than a paper share certificate that they could not eat. Well the could also not drink it, nor smoke it. The Russians had a abundance society, and everyone had a job, Vodka, food, cigarettes which was at that time nothing bad to smoke. The Russians love to drink and laugh, smoke, music, singing and have parties, after they worked.

Well it was such an easy home run, to go around with Vodka, cigarettes, tasty smelly sausage and dried meat. What do you think what the Russians then would eat? Their share certificates or the sausage and meat? When the whole redistribution would go on and take forever by purpose, until they could go to the shop and use the share certificate to buy food.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
The Russian Oligarchs
SECRET SOCIETIES AND THE RUSSIAN MAFIA
Yes the Russians sold all their shares of Gazprom and every other company to the Oligarchs. They have secret societies, and are boys with each other like the Satanits and atheists anywhere else. But in Russia the media would not pick up any story so they could remove all individuals that would serve their purpose.

Including:

Anna Politkovskaya
Victor Yushchenko
Alexander Litvinenko
Yulia Tymoshenko
Boris Berezovsky
Oksana Baulina
Boris Nemtsov
Sergei Magnitsky
Nikolai Glushkov
Alexander Perepilichny
Stanislav Markelov
Dmitry Kholodov
And many more, the list goes on and on and on.

That was the end of Social Communism, to remove it from our minds.

Adolf Hitler needed to do exactly the same, that is to finance the Party and become President. He was founded the same way by the Wall Street Bankers, Jewish in origin.

1920 Hitler has founded was the NSDAP, the national social German workers party

While also at 1933, guess who financed Franklin D. Roosevelt?

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Augusto Pinochet
THE CHILEAN DICTATOR AND THE DEATH SQUAD SUPPORTED BY THE CIA
The Chilean dictator Pinochet was stopped by international efforts, after a long and terrible reign. I remember it was the same as was with Ceausescu in Romania, where the human rights officials for international affairs, were informed about the violations of human rights. The news were at that time the only daily information, since the internet was not yet invented. In the 70s, 80s and 90s, the news were somehow interesting, since they could not hide anything, like they do today. For Pinochet and Ceausescu, Perestroika, Yugoslavia war and Iraq war with Bush senior, It would take Years and be discussed in the news, before the problem were solved.
Pinochet also did the same as the:
Nazis with "Hitler youth" soldiers,
Ceausescu with teenage soldiers,
Pinochet with the "death squad" soldiers

Lets go back to the main topic.

The forth level of mind control techniques, is the people mass Psychology. Now it is getting national, and is the last step. The only obstacles left are a few individuals, that can not be controlled by fear. As I wrote before:
Philosophers,
Artists,
Reporters,
Thinkers,
Indigenous people,
Politicians

As soon as they are removed the others are ready for begin the mass psychology Ritual.

Therefore our special supreme concept is used. Yes it is again about learn and learn and become better and better. But exactly the same as the Child soldiers, the reward system is now used inverted. Magic, Lucifer again with his inversion Technology. Satanism in its purest form.

The people are led into the inverted reward system, by means of glandular Hormon secretion, what is known as reward system. This means that they now train the people to later do bad things, but feel good about it. To introduce such a concept that is against any conscience, simple child play technique are used, but work perfectly well.
