
mind control
THE PRISON OF THE MIND
History
THE DARK SPOT OF 1%
The only way to understand the present, is to learn and understand the past.

I am really sorry for this following information, but it is necessary to unleash the supreme Power of Telepathy, The gift of the Alpha God, Dwarf and Metatron .0

It seems the only way to me, to first train my Telepathy capability, by analyzing the responsible characters of the past, since it is proven, that they turned into Monsters, Luciferian based Satanists,
after they were harmless:
Politicians, Doctors, Jerks, Scientists, and so on.

This means If You learn by the following program, how to unleash your Telepathy, then these Criminals will be spoted, before they can do any harm.

urim et Thummim

You can learn in a new way, here presented. It is very unique, and is based on a completely new concept.

In fact it is the oldest concept, I know. The Technology is the use of the universal Language to teach you. It is very simple, and you will learn nothing from me, instead you will only reverse the problem, that caused you to forget how it was working.

It is so simple, that a child would understand, but the following content about history, is not for children! Warning the following content is Only for adults of 14 years and older.

urim et Thummim

If you are over 20 Years of age, but can not withstand topics like our past, then this is ok.
The task of saving planet
To save the Planet, remove the Luciferian based Satanism, and its inversion of the Alpha Intelligence, and make sure that these terrible things will never happen again, is only for the Children Of The True God Alpha And Omega, therefore seems not everyone's cup of tea.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
The Nazis and Hitler
SECRET SOCIETIES AND INTELLIGENCE
If you think that worshipping Lucifer will be done in secrecy, hence the name secret societies, then let us look at the History. Whole Germany became just over night, so to speak, the Nazi Germany with Adolf Hitler as the one and only Leader. It was the Introduction of national Socialism. What this strange word really meant, was the door to bring a World leading Country, as whole into pure Satanism, at its most evil and brutal way ever possible. Like the sickest thought, one could come up with, they came up with. It was The genocide of the past, that no one should ever forget. Based on this mass ritual, they used sacrifices as their main source of everything. Not only to finance their war and its extremely sophisticated weapons technology, No, no it was a clear mass ritual, with the biggest sacrifices Lucifer ever had received. Everybody against the regime, was just removed and disappeared too. It was: Colored People, homosexuel, Philosophers, Artists, Singers, Thinkers, Wise. At the end, they have brought the rest 98% of Germans, into selling their Alpha Intelligence ( Soul ) to Lucifer and deny Alpha God.

Thule Society

If you think that the Nazi war was only about the money and world power than you are completely wrong, sorry. The Nazi leaders were different than the Army leaders, as can be seen by the Uniform that became the status symbol of Nazi Germany. The Army leaders were the ones that wear a dark brown color, while the True Nazi leaders wear the deep black Uniform. Pitch black. And the Hats where More stiff and bigger to emphasize their status. Even the Nazi uniform Breechers were more pronounced.

They had their own secret society, the Thule Gesellschaft. It was a secret society, that was founded in 1918 by German occultist and Theosophist, Rudolf von Sebottendorf. Inside they had a subgroup, the Vril Society. The Name Vril was found in a book from World famous Occultist, Helena Blavatsky, Isis was the name of the book, where she describe the supreme power and Intelligence of Atlantis, and the Vril was the name to describe the Technologie of Atlantis, the Intelligence.

In search of the true concept of supreme technologies to gain world power, and enslave all other people on Earth, they went out on their Expeditions, to find what they are looking for. The Tibet Expeditions, where they knew that there is hidden knowledge, in form of Tablets, Scrolls. Antarctica Expeditions, to looking for the entrance to the inner Earth, United States Mount Shasta, to find the entrance to the inner Earth, and the Expeditions to the Pyramids in Egypt, simply what they could find, what seemed interesting to them, they would finance an Expedition.

What is remarkable is that in the Antarctica they founded a Country with name: New Swabia, and build a Base there, from where they could fly and explore the whole Antarctica. Also very remarkable and suspicious is that 1928-1930, the USA made an Expedition to the Antarctica, led by Admiral Byrd. Byrd first Antarctic expedition 1928-1930 they too build a Base station and made exploration. Problem at that time was the Tin cans, with the food Rations may be made of lead instead of tin. Do not quote me on that, but this is a fact because what that is what they found much later.

There was really a obsession going on to gain and declare the Land at Antarctica. Now what is very very very strange is the fact, that after people forgot about Antarctica, now all for a sudden I have noticed that around 2015, People like Elon Musk, Prince Harry, and many others of the Elite, and rich men world. Kernel dollar high was also there, hmm that is interesting.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Child soldiers
THE ROOT OF GENOCIDE
Now they are all going to Antarctica, but I can not find direct Accessable knowledge about it in the Internet, while it was there but now no more. Never forget how the Internet works: Internet: all topics open to the public, Provided by search engines like Google Deep Web: all login related websites, like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. Darknet: The hidden web inside the Internet, where you can find everything, but you need a special browser to access it. Unfortunately, this is not always used for good, but many people are working to fix just that. Main contributions made by Anonymous and other Individuals how take care about the Darknet.

So, the only way I can give a hint is: to go back to the Nazis. It is unclear what they found But, it is open knowledge, how the Nazi war ended and now it gets very very very interesting. Before just imagine for one last time before we let it go again, it was a mass ritual, with the biggest sacrifices Lucifer ever had received. The celebrations were documented on film, where the Demonstraded their power, like other Countries do. But usually this is a Military Parade to demonstrate the length of the sexual Organ, as they role their long range Nuclear Rockets through the streets. Like Putan and friend fluffy from Korea, please almost forgot the other one, you name it.

No not the Nazis, they had these occult dressed Men and Women and guess what, Children, yes Children, dressed like the Spring of their reign. They even had a School to prepare the new left and right hands of the Nazis. The School was called: Hitler youth and was not a real school, but a military training camp at a hard level where they prepared them to become emotionless. The ones how commit to the dirty work of the genocide while the Nazis would just pull the strings. Everybody knows a puppet moved by the strings. If you do not beleive, I have another example that is very well documented and researched.

Nicolae Ceaușescu the Romanian dictator. He had a special Army, the Securitate, that was trained to be emotionless and to kill on command. They were trained to kill their own people. As whole Europe found out that He violated the human rights by couple of decades, they went in to stop him after a term of office from 1974 - 1989. What they found was huge Orphan houses, where the children were trained to be emotionless and to kill on command. Now if you don't know how this works, then perfect forget all of that. There is a pleasant Version about this topic and technology used for: You can watch the movies: The manjurian candidate 1962. The manjurian candidate 2004.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
The Black Sun
NAZI ESCAPE WITH VATICAN AND RED CROSS
Now it becomes clear how it works, it is pure mass psychology. The Nazis had their mass sacrifice performed, and worship Lucifer like no other Nation's People before. The main Status symbol was the Swastika, but the main Symbol was the:
Black Sun.

There you have the clear proof on which God they worshipped, the True Not God with his inversion of the Sun.

Now back to the main conclusion. At the end of the war it became clear to the Nazis, that the Germans would loose the war. So they already had everything prepared to escape, from Germany. It was exactly three weeks before the Allied Troops would enter Berlin and finish the war. All Nazis could escape by Tunnel systems, that the Jews dug for them as Slaves. The two operations were called: Paperclip from the Vatican and Red Cross Ratlines ODESSA which means: organisation of former or discharged members of the SS

In Argentina they had bought whole states, huge areas where they after the war would have their own country, Law, schools workers and house keeper, doctors dentists architects engineers. It is because the President of Argentina, Roberto María Ortiz was Boys with the Real Nazis, because he saw the supreme power, based on Intelligence leading into the perfect technology, which will take over the world, and he would be promoted.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
German pseudo-Nazis
THE WW2 VETERAN AND THE ARYAN BREED
If you never had the chance to talk with a German Veteran from the Nazi war, then you might think that this ideology was only a sickness that went over after the war, then my apologies. I had the chance to know one that passed away, and only once he would speak about the notion then and ever since. What is really crazy is the fact, that it was actually Christmas evening, where we were invited for dinner and after the Alcohol begun to take effect, my physical Brother just mentioned something about the genocide and Hitler. Now usually you would think that the Germans would learned their lesson, and become a Veteran could happen to many greedy people, thought to do a job.

But all for a sudden he picked up the topic: He began to defend Hitler and to deny the genocide of the Jews so my Brother talked about the undeniable genocide, while our good old Veteran said that this is a lie, that this never happened. It would only be a act. Of course the Alcohol did the rest and words become itchy. He claimed that this was the supreme Aryan race, and they would all think that the war was already won just like a home run. Why? Because they had the best technology indeed this is not a joke. The Nazis would tell the Germans that they would have the best technology, and that there is no way to loose since they had secret development Teams, to follow different directions of possible weapons, even on the Mind level they had the most advanced and sophisticated research ever done, and was since then used as a standard work to redefine the whole psychology education knowledge. Well you guessed it, yes it was also the most sad story of Humanity I ever came about to know.

Josef Mengele

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
V1 and V2 Rockets technology
WERNHER VON BRAUN
The v1 and V2 rockets where already in usage and All Germans could see their power. Imagine these V2 flying bombs as they called it, where somehow had a brain, that could fly to the target by sneaking under the Radar, and detonate on the target, within 1 square kilometer of accuracy. Now that is certainly mind blowing, since there was no GPS, Computers or anything to steer and make the logic decision, on where to go into attack mode, where the V2 would perfom a perfect nose dive to hit the target most accurate. It gets even better, where the V2 would fly in one specific direction, until a certain point, where it would change the direction and fly in another direction, until it would reach the target.

This was necessary to under go the Radar pre detection of the English Radar system, And the English Troops on the French and Belgian coast. Now it is simple if you are interested in things then of course: It was truly the first Auto pilot system ever that came into production. For the stearing they used Gyroscopes for the direction and pitch, and designed a speedometer that would measure the distance compared to time. The functionality and Acurracy was provided by mechanical means of very sensitive or Persistant levers and gears, to perform the program defined in it by the settings screws and what not.

The sound was a very low puslating bass and enormous loud because of the 24 herz oscillation of the Pulsejet engine. It was the symbol of power for all Germans and they thought they become the slave masters of the world, the Aryan Race, but in reality they were tricked pretty well by the Nazis. At the secret meetings of the SS, the Nazis would perform their Rituals and each one had a remarkable huge silver Ring, with a Scull and Crossbones on it and the name engraved into it. It was a pure coincidence that someone would find a small treasure chest, on the bottom of a lake, with hundreds of these Rings in it, because the Nazis could not flee while keep any evidence of their origin.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
The mockup of the Germans
CHESS MATE GAME OVER
That is how the Nazis escaped just so, in the last three weeks, for the stupid German Pseudo Nazis would not become suspicious. Lots of them would come into the Vatican because the Vatican has also secret Tunnels in every old European city, the Catacombs and tunnels. From there they would be smuggled by the red Cross into Spain, where they would hide out until after about 18 months, a Passport could be issued by the red Cross, and reach their destination in Argentina, where up until the 90s, every couple of Years, the Mossad from Israel could find one of the top Nazi Leaders and would need to smuggle them out, to Israel, in order to be able to put them on trial where in Argentina this would not even be possible.

Adolf Eichmann, Josef Mengele, Walter Rauff, Franz Stangl, Joseph Schwammberger, Erich Briebke, Gerhard Bohne, Rudolf Hess, Heinrich Himmler and many more.

Adolf Hitler was only the front puppet, but he was clearly sighted in Argentina too, by personal to serve the tea at the age of 17 but had promised their employers, to never speak up until rich Madame had passed away. So it went out after 2000, yes Adolf Hitler had lived but only around 12 years or so. It is unclear if the Nazis just disposed of him, or it was a health issue, or a induced health issue.

Image, David comic, vs Pyramid, with lambda formed sling shot
Germans defeated by vampires
THE NAZIS HAD THE TECHNOLOGY THEREFORE WON THE WAR, AND THE GERMANS PAID AND WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR
I leave the conclusion to you. The Germans paid their price for the war, and need to agree a contract with the European Court of Justice. All the Nazis went away with massive amounts of wealth money and technology. If you think that you have seen a Nazi getting caught when the war was lost, then think again, because on the example of Josef Mengele and Adolf Hitler, one must confess, that they must had some brainwashed doubles of them self's. This is a common practice as Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden has showed us.

What is a very interesting hint into the final conclusion is some technologie development.

Graphite cubes were found to engineer Nuclear Fission
The Bell would be some type of liquid metal spinning Vortex, which would create some type of field, that would be able to bend time Or defat gravity Or both.
A secret production site was found somewhere around Yugoslavia, where a concrete ring on pillars was found, as if you could place a flying saucer on top of it.
The Germans clearly lost the war and even more, while all Nazis went away. But in reality this war and also other political developments, were induced.

Leon Trotsky

It is more simple to look at the a Theater stage of the world to see how the psychology of mind control works. Soviet Union was the communism, being used as a fundament to define the Law and Rights of the nation. Shure that is the fundament of any liberal Nation. But the Soviet Union was dissolved by the year 1991, I remember anything since it was also related to the opening of the Berlin Wall, and free east Germany. Now they claimed that in the shops there was no food anymore, just all for a sudden, while before the Russians had lived very very very well. It was only a farce, to make the world believe, that social Communism is not working.
