
Lucifer
INVERSION OF ALPHA INTELLIGENCE
root Tree
INVERSION OF THE REWARD SYSTEM
The sad story of Lucifer, and how it all came to be.

But this is only the root cause of our devastating society, where the manifestation is the book of mind control. 1% Vs 99%. Mind control is the name for atheism, Satanism, Luciferians, and all religions, that have killed in the name of God, and kept the truth hidden as their secret, to use as an advantage over the rest of us.

Luciferians - addiction and parasite
Biology - energy Body System
Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
Lucifer
THE TRUE NOT GOD
The Fall
LUCIFER ADDICTION AND PARASITE
The reward System would from now on, be based on the opposite of unconditional Love, and reward the inverted root Tree of Lucifer, for the opposite of unconditional Love.

He trained and become better and darker and more powerful, for lure the others to worship him. they say that one has sold its Soul to Lucifer, the Devil, but that is a false impression.

Lucifer would offer his followers to become a God, themselves, and could do the same as he did. Therefore become more powerful than Alpha God, as I said before, by tricking and lying, he could proof them that he can do the same as Alpha and even the opposite, which was not possible to do for anybody else.

With this little trickery, he then went ahead and reversed their reward System, and from now on align to his root Tree, and being entangled with Lucifer. They would now be rewarded for the opposite of unconditional Love, and every time they get rewarded, when become more evil.

Since Lucifer was the root Tree of their root Tree, he himself would also be rewarded and feel elevated, when his fallen Angels did bad things. This was the only way to get the precious Energy needed to create, and for health and recreational purposes.

Since our connection to Alpha Intelligence and his Omega unconditional Love, is very important. It is unknown to most people, because of mind control.

As I said before:

the System with Alpha and the root Tree,
the Tree Of Life, the Seed Of Life,
the Flower Of Life, and
the Alpha Intelligence,
are the concept of Life,
that is the consequence of Intelligence experiencing manifesation.

But why is this, and how dos it work?

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
Energy
BODY SYSTEM
But why is this, and how dos it work?

As example we can look at the nature of a Physical Body, that consists of one Cell and its multiples. Yes it is one Cell, that has divided into many Cells, they say but that is really not true.

It is the magic of our Universe, the gift from our beloved Father Alpha, That his root Tree, he gave us, is entangled with his Tree Of Life, and then will Multiply, not divide.

This is what makes the fully entangled State possible.

Example of Life force

Survival, is the magic Answer, where the Law of Physics, has clearly been disproven. Let me explain three examples that then from the Scientists are dismissed as a Phenomenon. That is actually how the mind control works, just dismiss it as a Phenomenon and let it disappear in the drawer.

The mining accident of Lassing occurred on July 17, 1998

Fasten - Concept of Survival
Fasten - Jasmuheen Light food
