
Lucifer
ADRENOCHROME JUNKIE
Addiction and Necessity
LUCIFER AND HIS FALLEN ANGELS
urim et Thummim

As time went by, the fallen Angels, would train and learn, to use the potential of Lucifer his inverted Tree of Life, and would make bad things to get rewarded, and what now happen, was that their creations are entangled with themselves, the same way as Lucifer is entangled with them.

The thought they would hold for creating was terrible and bad in order to get rewarded and even promoted by their True Not God Lucifer.

Now instead of Butterfly they created mosquitos, instead of honey Bees they created swarms of Grasshoppers devastating the Crop harvest, instead of health they created viruses, instead of beneficial bacteria they created killer bacteria. They designed Cholera, Pest known as Black Death, Corona, AIDS, Ebola, and many more, and the do not even stop there. This is the definition of parasite that suck and live from others life force. Voila the Parasite was born.

Each and every time they get their reward and so does Lucifer, in lack of better words, because... because...

This concept of inversion became so powerful, even if Lucifer had regrets, he could not act differently, and nor his fallen Angels.

That is how Alpha in all his Love and Passion gave Lucifer chances to learn, and threw them down as deep as possible, but planet Earth forms a vesica Piscis, where both, the Alpha dimensions and the Luciferian dimensions overlap. It is our Earth, as one of these dimensions, but as I said the Contract is now over and Lucifer, must obey and leave this dimension, to be somewhere lower than Earth, and with him all his fallen Angels. Amen

urim et Thummim

Lucifer tricked anybody, because that is his true nature with his inverted reward System. All the Satanists, Atheists, Egoists and Psychopaths, have lost their power now. He never mentioned any contract, nor a time limit, so they sold their connection to Alpha Intelligence ( Soul ), for a second of power, and now are the Slaves of Lucifer.

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
Glands Drugs and Addiction
THE HORMONE SYSTEM
Warning this content is not for Children under 14 years of age. Please do read our Disclaimer.

idt0.com - Disclaimer
Urim et Thummim

Now we get closer and I do really hesitate to write these words about Brother Lucifer, because now it is getting nasty as... hell, in lack of a better word.

So for not blowing the lid too violently, let us have a look on how it is here on Earth, in our Society. This will make it a bit less obvious, hence bit easier to digest.

Urim et Thummim

The Adrenochrome Junkies

In our high Society of rich and powerful Men and Women, there seems a very very very popular drug, being used frequently. At first I thought this was just a Joke of the famous movie "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" from 1998, I did not know nor tried this drug ever. But then in around 2008 a good old friend of mine, younger than me, one of the Wise, told me about this terrible satanic cults, using the drug. It was the time when Anonymous blew the Pedophile Ring of the Hollywood Elite, and I was terribly shocked to hear about this.

My friend was night for night online informing him self, and said that this goes deeper and deeper, than any Rabbit Hole ever. He said that for they use the drug, ofcourse. But that the synthetic version of the drug makes them schizophrenic like hell. They as I now learned, use This drug preferably to stay in their higher consciousness, connected with their True Not God Lucifer, and receive Intelligence and Power, as they had subscribed with selling their Alpha-Intelligence.

That way they would be supreme over the other 99% of the People, but always this little side effects with the schizophrenia, where lots of rich and powerful people, went paranoid.

But then I learned the real wicked stuff that came out only because of Anonymous, and their effort to act against this sort of crime which is really more a genocide of... He explained to me that they have a organic version of the drug, but hold on your seat, it is made from children. It well be mostly produced in the body of Children, And when they are under death threat.

This goes deeper but not here, you can do your own research. You can find the information on the internet, deepnet or darknet, if you know what I mean. Anonymous.

Now we have it, it becomes more clear what is going on, since for the Children Of Alpha Intelligence God, this was unimaginable, how humans could be so cruel and evil, even up to genocide.

urim et Thummim

There it is, the Adrenochrome Junkies that tend to schizophrenia, and for the worshiping of the True Not God Lucifer, they need sacrifices to make, in order to have enough Life Force Energy around, to be able to receive Intelligence and power from their Lucifer.

Scull and Bones Ku Klux Klan, bohemian Grove,¨ Illuminati All of these and all others do their worshiping the same way to receive Intelligence from their Lucifer. It is another story on its own, where the rules are infact the same, for Satanists worshiping Lucifer and for the Children Of Alpha God for preaching. Only difference is the Children Of God do not need to serve sacrifices, in order to raise the Energy Level to a density and Frequency, where the receiving the Answer and blessing is possible. Not even Animal sacrifices Nor Human sacrifices.

Now it becomes obvious how this works: worshipping needs a certain energy Level, thus the sacrifices are necessary for the connection, and to hold the higher consciousness, they use drugs like Adrenochrome and maybe others. To keep the secret and supreme Intelligence for them selfs, they gather in this secret societies, and use: crucifixion, burning on the stake, none Human because skin color, hanging on the gallows, declared as mentally retarded, and all with censorship, war, lies, false Flag, disinformation, Language manipulation and much more.

Mind control Was their Almighty weapon of power, but now they have been mocked themselves. Surprise, surprise ha! I tried every possible way but not one would want to listen on me. this is the next, last and final chapter mind control.

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
But why?
INVERSION FRACTAL AND ADDICTION
The conclusion, that such a terrible thing even can take place, is now simple to answer since it is always the same pattern. It is a group of powerful people, less than 1% of the population, that will control all others to act in a way that is completely evil and satanic in nature. Time repeats but the secret magic weapon still would work perfectly for 2023 Years.

First they build a secret society, and define the goals, now recruit the people, and start develop and design the next generation of supreme evil weapon: child soldiers. It takes time to build these weapons since they would need to be trained for the purpose, which takes half a generation. It does not work that well with adults.

It is again the next depth of the Satanism to invert the reward system, where the children would be chosen and preselected to find out if they have no conscience, to begin with. For to become 100% loyal it is the same Humans do to Animals, its the Prison for the mind. With the inverted reward system, they would become leaders to Rule and command over others, which will reward them to be the key evil strategic point in society, where the others would follow blindly, if not just disappear and never be seen again.

The third weapon is fear to control the 99% of others, to become a killer but at home were loving Fathers and Mothers. The fourth weapon is the most important, the secret magic weapon,

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
Bible vs Apocrypha
OLD TESTAMENT AND NEW TESTAMENT
negation, inversion, from Evolution to destruction

Meaning is the true name of everything thus if we can not pronounce the TRUE Meaning, then we can not align and become Turing complete. We are Turing complete with our beloved Father.

What This Is Really About, Is That We Can Not Understand, That We Look Only At The Macro Level. We Have Forgotten The Key Of Life.

There is so many beautiful things in the Univers and what NOT. but just so us, being unable to see it, with our material eyes, does NOT mean, that there is none.

Topics to come:

Apocrypha, what is this
New Testament, Key encryption
Old Testament, Sumerian Epic Of Gilgamesh
OUr origin, Old Testament
Our future, New Testament revelation
Worship Medial Question Answer, Laws And Purpose
12 The House Of God And The 12 Disciples Of The Christ
