
Lucifer
THE BRINGER OF LIGHT
THE SOCOND SON OF THE ONLY TRUE GOD
some think that:

the earth is flat like a disk
and there is the simulation theory.
Well you nailed it exactly. Thats the point, where I am extremely grateful, of the return of the christ. It is so wicked deep no one could ever imagine. ALL because of Lucifer. He is responsible. Yea but there is also the Luciferians, Satanists, Atheists

What we did not know: The contract was fulfilled in 2023. Lucifer was given the last chance to win humanity through temptation. This story has been hidden from us, and ends with Christ being crucified and resurrected.

In reality this had a purpose and was the task, Christ had to suffer. The Passion of Christ. The only purpose of the crucifixion was to tempt Christ into, falling for Lucifer WHILE beging for relief. Lucifer thought no one could withstand that pain but Christ succeeded.

It is a long Story, because it concerns us all, especially today and now.
Lucifer is the real cause of all our problems on earth.

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
The children of God Alpha and Omega
IN THE GARDEN OF EDIN
Lucifer was the second son after Christus. He was the bringer of light, as in the Old Testament of the Bible is stated. Its the first chapter of the book of Genesis. 1.1-2.4.
Christus, Christ comes from Greek: Christos Χρίστος

Lucifer was one of the most beautiful intelligence in the universe, God our One and Only God, our Father in Heaven, has made him in his own image, like Christus, Gabriel, Michael, Raphael, Nathaniel, and all the other angels, and the Elfs, and the dwarfs, and the gnomes, and the fairies, and the unicorns, and the dragons, and the crystal, and the harmonics, and the light, and the love, and the color, and the sound, and the taste, and the smell, and the touch, and the feeling, and the passion.

The children of God Alpha became better in creating, as they were practicing, the same as God Alpha, and Metatron, and any other intelligence, in the universe

It is amazing, I hope you can see it one day, how beautiful a creation looks like, when you are able to do so at lifetime here on earth. It is beyond words.

Image, Black sheep walks up, and demon sheep walking down
Edin
THE ROUND TABLE UNDER THE TREE OF LIFE
At Sunday, everybody is coming together at the Garden Of Edin, to celebrate the creation and sit around the round table to discuss the creation. The Children of God Alpha were all very proud of their creations, and they became better and better. The others would look at them and see how beautiful they became, since this is a process of nursing and growing a new Seed Of Life, to become a new Flower Of Life, thus a new possible Chariot is provided, for the Alpha Intelligence to come out of the Nothingness and experience Manifestation.

This takes some time, and the others can see the progress, every Sunday, when they are coming together at the Garden Of Edin.

But in the end, the creations of Alpha were just always so perfect, because of his practice that led into the most powerful thought of unconditional love, one ever could hold in his heart and mind, in order for the Nothingness, to become a manifestation of upmost perfection.

All others would acknowledge this and would be very proud of be a Child Of God Alpha, and become able to do the same, just by practicing, learning, and become better and better, exactly as Alpha himself did, as soon as the Intelligence became Alpha Intelligence.

Every body except Lucifer.

Lucifer was the second born and had impressed the younger siblings with his creations, where the creations where full of Light, and it was very impressive indeed. But at last they would always ask Alpha, to also show them his new creation. Since Lucifer was eager to show his creation, Alpha was always the last one to show his creation, and only if asked for.

Still everybody would then acknowledge, that Alpha's creations had from the beginning, to the end, everything inside, even the brightest light.

lucifer became more and more jealous, and felt himself as God, since that is what every Child Of God Alpha is, created in his own image.
