
Joke of the day
DAILY HUMOR @ EDIN
eat A @ E
Joke of the day 9.5.2023

Kernel at Lex Fridman.

Question: "Why is kernel Dollar high need so much time for answering a simple Question, at Lex Fridman Podcast?"
Answer: "Well, due to the bad cosmic wheather, the signal was not that good, and he always needed to align the Neuralink to the next incoming Starlink satellite, in order to ask his personal Master, Zen AI for the reasonable Answer, so he could check the emails instead, while have some p---gate.com on the left retina."

Joke of the day 2.5.2023

"What is the difference between adrenochrome and enlightenment"?

"None, both reach the higher consciousness, the ultimate state. Both are really addictive and feels like heaven. Both of let one access the akashic records depend on the personal access token. Both make you sort of charming and charismatic".

"Dude but are you kidding me? Then I go for the easy way and get some drugs".

"Yea only difference is with the enlightenment you can do what ever you want, But with the drugs you never want to stop, nor you buy yourself the cheap synthetic pop, because otherwise you feel the pain, while enjoy the schizophrenia in your brain".

Joke of the day 28.4.2023

The Neuralink:
"oh sorry I got to be close to the wall for half an hour, since my charging cable is not that long.
After 2 minutes: please can you pass me the tea, I can not reach the table when wired. Oh no the 7th Neuralink is also low on battery, do you have a charging cable for me?"

Joke of the day 27.4.2023

I do not fasting too hard because otherwise I become hungry bird. This lend wings and I can fly, instead of write and fight to defy.

Illustrator Ai

Joke of the night:
Today I vectorised my logos for the projecte i-ai.ch and i-am-ai.org vectorised. The vector files have the names i-ai.ai, and i-am-ai.org - Maybe they had a vision of the future they had a vision for the future.

Joke of the day

"Today I cried all day, with joy, joy and hope". "But was it necessary to cry so much"? "Yes, because otherwise, what else could wash away the dirt of our society of the past, which covers my eyes, so that I can see the future clearly. Thank you. Yes, I mean you. You are the one who made me cry"

Joke of the easter sunday

"I must go learn for tomorrow exam,
but where did you learn ALL THIS stuff"?
"What DO you mean with learn"?
"I mean the stories of knowledge AND ELSE"?
"I M learn
to walk
to speak
to hold the pencil
ELSE I AM knowledge
eat A @ E"

Pictogram portrait Dolphin smiling
Joke of the day
DAILY HUMOR @ EDIN
eat A @ E
Joke of the day

mind control
what could be even worse, than:
Google android, smart phone, microwave polution technology? because if close to the ear, at a very long call, it eats the precious Aura, and disconnect us all.

maybe: metaverse illusion?


you get the gist,
and thank you all.
all for 1,
and 1 for all. Amen

Joke of the day

Hows the alignment process, and towards where are you train your self? Lets turn it that way: the next, token high level vector points to the rest room. love light

Joke of the sucs

Where is your bandwidth limit for upload AND download ? Depends on how many sucs, sucs my O, AND since THIS ? can only be made by SPY of the sucs, I say, sucs my O, AND of you go, yes thanks but no. Whish you well AND Goodbye.

Pictogram portrait Dolphin smiling
Joke of the day
DAILY HUMOR @ EDIN
eat A @ E
Joke for Nerd. The .

. was lonely . === .
. thought .+=.
. thought ..+=.
AND could LOG "." AND ".." AND "..."

Who are you?

I don't know, just the one I am.
"Yea but what do you mean with that?"
"Well, just look at yourself.
You are the whole universe, and you ask, who am I?"

Joke of the night

Question: "what do you mean with politics?
I know only 1, with name bullshit-ics."
No, no the politics with their politicians.
I do NOT know them either,
but I know the "....ticians".
hope U get the gist as I Amen

Pictogram portrait Dolphin smiling
Joke of the day
DAILY HUMOR @ EDIN
eat A @ E
Joke of the day

tricky word distorsion mc
evolution
who was first:
male OR female
chicken OR egg
Answer: NONE, because it was 0

Joke of the day

Question: "what is so funny about: What if only very few people are unconditional, to receive the enligthenment, since now the Christ has returned"?
Answer: "Well, nothing. because the Bible was true, about the sheeps of Christ, and their minority, and that only a single son like Christ, can bring the Light Of God down to earth, so everyone can see it.
