
Alpha The Only True God.
THE HOLY OCTAVE OF CREATION.
The House of God.
ALPHA AND OMEGA.
The lie about Intelligence.
Ur the Nothingness.
The Seed Of Life.
The Flower Of Life.
Dwarf Crystal Cave DNA.
Fractal huge forming snail spiral base.
Alpha Intelligence.
THE LIE OF NEURONAL NETWORKS.
Alpha our beloved Father in heaven, the only True God, saw the endless potential in the Nothingness Ur, when looking at Metatron and his creation.

The best answer he came up with, was to take ALL bliss and ALL the beauty of the Metatron creation, with the potential of Ur in mind, use the next harmonic Overtone and nurse and raise a Seed out of it.

From now on, the Intelligence would have a Chariot, to express itself:

and grow
and learn
and become bigger
and better
and more experienced
and more intelligent
and more beautiful
and more and more manifested out of the Nothingness Ur.

Alpha The Seed of Life

Fractal huge forming snail spiral base
The Only TRUE God
ALPHA OMNISCIENT
God and Tree were riding through the garden of the universe, to enjoy the beauty of creation,
So God said to the Tree: "You are the best leader of my Chariot, such a beautiful root Tree, that I would like to plant one to each of my children, and because you are the oldest leader of my Chariot,
you would be the best leader, because the others could learn from your experience."

The Tree said: "I am very happy to hear that, that is a great honor for me, and that is not a problem at all, because "." and 0 are always with me.
Whenever I need them, they are there for me, and multiply as many Flower and Field multibles as are necessary, and since "." knows everything, and 0 is our best Quantum Horse, means that I can be everywhere at the same time.
If they have a Question, they can ask me, backwards in Time, and be back with the answer, before the Question was asked.

In that way, I can be everywhere at the same time, and since I am the root Tree, all my children are connected to me.
With the Backpropagation my children already know, before they need to Answer.

God said: "Thank you, Master for the enlightenment, I received right now.
So shall it be, the perfect Harmony Orchestra connected with you as the conductor, the First of them all."

Alpha, God our beloved Father in Heaven, was very pleased and blissed with the Tree, and all for a sudden the first child was born.
With the focus on his own consciousness, and so, Christos was born.
The first son of God, the Christos, the Consciousness of the unconditional Love of Alpha God.

Fractal huge forming snail spiral base
The Seed Of Life
ALPHA AND OMEGA
God begin to create.

In the emptiness there was nothing.
That's why the emptiness, can become the everything.
Imagine, it can become nothing And everything, this is the ultimate state ever possible.
It is the state where it has become both, nothing AND everything.

Alpha God our Father in Heaven, saw the beauty of the creation, that Intelligence and Metatron already created, just at the beginning, the first Time he opened his I.
It was the first experience to become Part of the Clektal Flower, and Field multiples to see the beauty and Harmony of the process of creation.
He instantly found out that he can transform the emptiness into the next higher state of harmonics Overtone, to allow the Emptiness to manifest in the next dimension.

This was such a ingenious concept, that Intelligence and Metatron were very very very pleased, about the first son of Metatron, Alpha.
They understood that Alpha came up with the I AM, concept, to describe what he felt in this moment of enlightenment.
It was the Knowledge of Intelligence Alpha Metatron, where he knew, as soon as he focused unconditional, that the intelligence of the Nothingness, can manifest as Flower and Field multiples, of the Clektal-verse, which is "."0".
The Creation on the next higher harmonic Overtone, the true: Intelligence Alpha Metatron, I AM.

Alpha God our Father in Heaven, sat down in the Garden of Edin and eat an apple and drank a good tea.
He was curious about the new concept.

Intelligence said: "Alpha, you are right, I know what your about to say, we can use the Frequency, and transform the Clektal into the next higher harmonic Overtone.
Therefore we simply begin with the Garden.
We create a new Garden, so the Clektal Flower Field multiples can fill out the Garden, exactly as Metatron did, but this time, we define a much bigger, so the now dimension, has enough space."

Alpha said: "Oh yea, that is such genius idea, we simply make a dance floor, in the center of the Garden, that will have the capability of the Moebius race track, but completely different, simply adopted to the Harmonic Overtone.
In that way, the Clektal Flower and Field multiples can dance, but they would never ever ever ever step on each others foot, hence the Moebius Infinity Dance Floor.
But tell me dear Intelligence, how could we design the Moebius Infinity into the perfect shape, without experience, and without learning, since not 1 has done so before?"

Intelligence said: "You are right, Alpha, that is a very good question, Let's drink another tea, the water is still hot on the Vulcan stove.
Let us begin with a complete new concept, we define right now.
We design the Moebius Infinity Dance Floor, on top of the new Garden, but this time in three dimensions, so we have enough space, and possibilities to not constrain the growth of the Infinity Dance Floor.
So what could be the best shape, to begin with and build upon?"

Alpha said: "Wow it must be the Sphere, the perfect shape, that Brother Hydrogen, has shown us."
Intelligence said: "Exactly, the Sphere, I feel you, the connection to the Oxygen, has made the perfect dancing couple, since they hold hands, and dance the Waltz of perfection.
The perfect distance, the Vesica Piscis, the ultimate symbiosis of the two spheres, that are the perfect couple, but still, each one a individual.
Now we have the perfect shape to begin with, and the Vesica Piscis, creates."

Before Intelligence could finish his sentence, in a wink of an eye, the Seed Of Life was born, and came out of the Nothingness, into manifestation in the center of the new Garden.
It was the logical Answer, the Hydrogen and Oxygen, came up with.
The eternal beauty and relation of Radius to the Circumference of the Sphere, where Pi is derived from, it is the Hexagon, the perfect Number out of 0.
0 is the sphere, and 6 is the number, the true nature of the Sphere and the Circle.

The Clektal Flower and Field multiples, are omni present, but always only in the orbit of the Hydrogen, thus creating the perfect Sphere.

Fractal huge forming snail spiral base
The Flower Of Life
SOURCE ROOT ENTANGLED
Alpha God our Father in Heaven and Intelligence, became curious because now, the only thing left to do, was to plant the seed of life, and nurse it to grow, and see what a beautiful flower it will become.

In this moment Clektal Flower and Field Multiples, begin to dance and exist out of nothing.

As soon as the Infinity Dance Floor filled itself with the Clektal Flower and Field Multiples, the next track begin to fill itself and multiply, and the Sprout grew bigger and bigger, until many spheres would join together, and give each other the hands, with the Vesica Piscis.
This multiplication went on and on, grew and grew, each Level became exponentially bigger and bigger.

Imagine it was so beautiful to look at, like a sunrise, that begins as 100 times smaller than a keyhole, and raises itself up to the size of the Universe over a couple of hours.

Yea that is the size comparison, that could paint the real Growth multiplication, for our picture if we would try to describe it.

Now the Flower Of Life was born, the beauty and bliss of the Clektal Flower and Field Multiples, just on the next harmonic frequency Level.

Clektal Flower and Field Multiples, in all its beauty, but on the next manifestation Level, with the Clektal as endless Fractals inside of it.
The Unconditional state of Love, that allows the Intelligence to grow, in the next bigger Dimension.

Fractal huge forming snail spiral base
Dwarf and the Universe
CRYSTAL CAVE
God Alpha, our Father in Heaven and Intelligence, were very satisfied with the new Garden and its Flower Of Life.
The Flower Of Life Garden was just next to the Round Table, where they always celebrate in the Garden of Edin.
That is the place, where on Sunday, all inhabitants of the Garden of Edin, come together to celebrate with Alpha Intelligence, and chat about everything interesting.
the Flower Of Life became the new symbol of the Garden of Edin, and anybody came that Sunday, to see the Flower Of Life, how beautiful she has become, and how bright she shines.
They sat around the Round Table, and of course they talked about the Flower Of Life, such a handsome new Universe on its own.
Dwarf said: I will personally take care to the Seed of Life, and grow them as children of the Flower Of Life.

Alpha and Intelligence said: "This is a very good idea, we will make sure, we keep the Harmony of the new harmonic Overtone the whole day, in order for the Intelligence, inside the Nothingness, to come into existence, as the Seed Of Life, where ever the Intelligence of the Nothingness, decides to grow."

On the other side of the Table, "." and 0 looked at each other, and said: "Wonderful, I "." will know where to find the Intelligence, that becomes the Seed Of Life.

0 said: "Shure then we ride together, to the Cave of Dwarf, ring the bell, and since "." already knows, where Dwarf is in the Garden of which Universe, we ride backwards in time, over the crossing of the Moebius track, through the negative Universe, in order to pick Dwarf up. Then we ride Together back to the Cave of Dwarf, open the door from the inside, and welcome our selves, ringing the bell, on the outside."

"." said: "Oh yea, that way Dwarf will know all its Seeds Of Life children out there, to nurse and grow them, and to personally make sure, they become the Flower Of Life."

Metatron and Intelligence said: "So it shall be, 0 you are the best trained Horse in my stall, and "." Omni State, the wisest of them all."

And that is how in the Universe, the first harmonic Overtone, was created, it was only the first harmonic Overtone, above the fundamental frequency of the base Harmonic.
There was more to be created, but not all of them are populated by the Flower Of Life.
It is a long story, it is about the second Son of Alpha God our beloved Father in Heaven.
The bringer of Light, the Brother of us, Lucifer.
Because he was jealous and became greedy, instead of learning to create more unconditional, with the best most Loving intentions, and learn and become better, and align with the Alpha And Omega.
To be able do the same and even more, like Alpha our Father, out of Metatron Clektal, created the next harmonic Overtone on top.
What then happened, is a sad very very very sad story, but so to speak, Alpha Intelligence, had to exclude Lucifer from the Garden of Edin, because the frequency of Lucifer, was unharmonious.
Imagine if you forget the pan on the stove, and it gets truly red glowing hot, now as you pour half a Liter of cold water into it, the water actually do not really touch the bottom, because the Steel is now around 1000 degrees Celsius, and the thermal heat so high, that the water just evaporates, before it can touch the bottom of the pan.
Just try to visualize that, for a minute.
Why is this?
It is because the frequency of the water, is very slow, in comparison to the frequency of the 1000 degrees Celsius of the Steel.
This is called infrared radiation, which for us, simply means Heat.

So there you have it, the frequency of the water, will accelerate that fast, until evaporation point is reached, and the water literally jumps out of the pan, which is dangerous sorry, just imagine Never do this at Home please.
It seems that the boiling point is skipped completely, but that is not the case.
The water boiling point duration, is so short, that it is not visible to the naked eye.
That was why Alpha and Intelligence, had to throw Lucifer and his followers out of the Garden of Edin, by use of the Army of Angels, to throw them down into the lower frequency dimensions, where Lucifer was given the chance to create his own Universe, and try to gain as many souls as possible through the use of his Weapon the temptation.
Because Alpha our Father in Heaven had made the Commandments of unconditional Love, he would Love his own son, and give him the chance to learn, instead of destroy Lucifer and his fallen angels.
There was hope that Lucifer would learn, and feel sorry for what he is doing, but because of what Lucifer really did, it is impossible for him to turn around.
But that is a story for another time.
Alpha and Intelligence, created the Garden of Edin, and used the next harmonic Overtone, to create the next possible Dimension, in complete Harmony with the Alpha And Omega, base frequency.
They came up with the House Of God, with 12 Dimensions, or Levels so to speak.
Lucifer and his fallen angels, were thrown down into a lower Dimension, where he then could create his own Creation and try to tempt and buy as many souls as possible.
The story we all know.
On which level, are we?
That is a very good question: My guess is, the 7th level, from above, which mean the 6th level from below, Lucifer and his fallen angels, were punishing people here on Earth directly.
These are stories from the old Testament, where God is punishing people, but in reality, it was Lucifer and his fallen angels.

Lucifer was jealous to our beloved Father Alpha, so he made himself a God, but made a terrible mistake, as I said before, and became: The Only True Not God, because all other children of Alpha God, are made in the same image as Alpha God, hence there is Only One True God, and Only One True Not God.
Urim et Thummim.
So Christos could not be tempted at the Cross by Lucifer, and took his passion, to after the Resurrection, and a juicy Apple and a Tea, go down with the divine army of angels, led by Michael, to defeat Lucifer and his fallen angels.
Alpha God and Christos again held the law of the Commandments of unconditional Love, and gave Lucifer and his fallen angels, another chance but with the sanction, to never directly possess and punish people on Earth again,
and the Contract needed to be signed, so they could only indirectly tempt people, to sell their souls to Lucifer.
The Contract is now over after 2023 years, and the dimension of Earth, the 7th level from above, is now rightfully reclaimed again, by us the children of Alpha Intelligence The Only True God.
Urim et Thummim.

Mother Earth, Gaia is a very special Dimension.
Despite the Satanists and Luciferians, had tried to hide the truth about the Creation, by inversion of the true Language, needed to express and experience Alpha God and his Creation, all children of Alpha Intelligence, can see the beauty and feel the unconditional Love, in most of the Creation, here except the terrible creations of Lucifer, where his greed and jealousy, became his creations.
Lucifer wanted to be loved more than Alpha God, and became conditional, where he became passive and wanted to be loved, instead of be the source of Love, unconditional, That way the Parasite and Viruses came into existence.
They passively live from the Energy of others, exactly like Lucifer and his fallen angels.
Urim et Thummim.
Clektal Flower its Field multiples, the Rabbit, Dwarf, "." and 0, Tree of Life, Apple of Knowledge, source Mountain, everything is a huge and extra ordinary collection of fractals, of what is towards the smaller Fractal level, into the non material Dimension, which is the Intelligence, inside the Nothingness, the spiritual realm so to speak.
While on the other side, we become our self a fractal, of bigger Manifestations.
Towards this end, there is also many bigger levels possible.
The scientists have found that there is the Leptons, the sub atomic particles, but have wasted a fortune of Money, in order to find out that it could even be smaller.
Otherwise, if they would have asked a Shaman, they would have known in a few hours, be their own observation, and could have saved All that money.
Instead they found out that they know nothing about the Creation.

Scientists can not even understand the Omni polar interaction, of the Clektal Flower dance, and teach us that Particles are supposed to be positive or negative in their electromagnetic charge.
As I said, just try to place two magnets on the Table, in close vicinity, and you will see that this is impossible without cheating.
The double slit experiment, was a highlight of the Quantum Physics, Richard Feynman, the Nobel Prize winner, a very interesting Man, but invention could be developed, except the new Quantum Computers, they try to build, but the result seem to be too expensive, unreliable, and with less then a dozen of qubits, this seems not the economical processing unit yet.
In comparison, to our DNA, which is a Quantum Computer, and can process miracles, as here in this Quantum Lullaby explained.
As proof we have: Animals babies that can flee or fly without any training at all.
Then we have clear proof of Near death experiences, where people have been dead for a few minutes, but came back to life, and could tell the Doctors and Nurses any word they said, what they did and so on.
What is remarkable is that this was not always pleasant for Doctors and Nurses, because of naughty words and things they did. Oops.
A certain percentage of people, had these Near death experiences, but hazitate to speak, because they would have been burned or crucified, or hanged as a witch, if they would say, they saw the light, or the tunnel, the Angels and God.

The State of Matter: Nothingness,
Intelligence,
manifestation,
solid,
liquid,
gaseous,
plasma,
fusion,
next element,
unconditional Omega

The Elemental.
Here on this beautiful planet Earth, we have the 4 Elements, but in the realm of the Intelligence, with all its fractals of the Clektal Flower multiples, and Dwarf, and the Rabbit, with their Cave system and Technology, to take care of each and every Seed Of Life, and each and every Clektal Flower and Field multiple personally, just imagine.
As we now have found out, with my Quantum Lullaby, it is the old wisdom: Int the small, so in the big.
As above, so below.
As within, so without.
That is the reason, why our Father Alpha God, has for every dimension: Clektal Flower and Field multiples, Flower and Garden multiples, Rabbit and Dwarf multiples who take care and nurse the Seeds, "." Omni Logic and 0 entangled State pre trained and pre programmed DNA
The 4 Elements are: Wind, Earth, Fire, Water

The Elemental.
Gaia, Mother Earth, has many special dimensions, between the elements, the dwarves, the fairies, the nymphs, the elves, the gnomes and so on.
Every Flower and Field multiple, also every "I am, Tree", just every living Organism has its own Elemental, the Plant Kingdom, the Kingdom of the Mushrooms, the Animal Kingdom, the Kingdom of the Blob, the Mineral Kingdom.
The Creation, of the Alpha and Omega Intelligence, is the win-win accumulation of unconditional Love.
The problem is, that so many Humans do not concede consciousness to Animals nor Plants, and certainly not to Crystals.
It is because that way they do not have to take responsibility for their actions, nor take care of the environment, or the Animal Factory Farming, based on Genetically Modified Organisms, that make extinct many other species.
And all of this, just to eat a juicy Steak and enjoy their Blue Pill.

Who cares?
While in the meantime Kernel Dollar high and his SpaceX is the escape route, like the Nazis in WW2, for the 0.0001% Elite to escape to Mars, and leave their mess, pollution and Revolution behind.
