
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 8
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Mystery Of Egypt.

Basic Instinct - train and pain
Final Exam - the school of mystery
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Apprentice Of The Universe
CHAPTER ZERO
Train and Pain
THE SCHOOL OF MYSTERY
That day at school, Christos was not participating too much, because he would think about the teachings from Master Me and the way, he would say exactly what came up as new Question, as if he would have seen the Question arise inside Christos.

A special feeling.

The school of mystery was not only on teachings of knowledge but turned out to be more of a physical Exercise.
Different running tracks were used for either endurance or dexterity, and the Apprentises spoke about it at lunch time. It became obvious, that it would lead more into training and experience, rather than learning new knowledge, as Master Me said.

The training was becoming harder as it went into the final stage.
They learn how to swim, dive, stay in pitch black chamber which were only very small, with a huge stone door closed up.
Then they even released Crocodiles at the moment, the shore was too far to just hop out.
But no one was hurt and the apprentices thought the Masters of each discipline would know what they are doing.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Apprentice Of The Universe
CHAPTER ZERO
Train and Pain
THE SCHOOL OF MYSTERY
When it came about the final exam, to afterwards receive the sacred knowledge, it was a dive test that lead underneath a huge building.
Always there would be a passage to dive down first and then find the way to dive up at the other side, while there were different obstacles to solve.
If one would go backwards, the school would be finish without receiving the sacret knowledge, and there are more to fail as to succeed.
As he get passed the labyrinth obstacle, he came to the darkness where one would only find the way by using the hands and don't panic.
He made it, and now it went down so deep, he could not see the bottom, and went diving down.
At the bottom the passage became visible, and Christos was diving through to come up on the other side and take a deep breath.

But all for a sudden when he saw the light above, the body of swimming Crocodiles become visible, swimming there, exactly where he would need to rise up.
Every cell in his body was screaming, every sense would tell him, this is it because for diving backwards the air was not sufficient, and up there the Crocodiles will eat him alive, since there was a dozen of them. But the Master Me came into his mind, and all the terrible experience as a kid, where others would lock him into a small Cistern with pure darkness and left him there until in the evening, they did not came to let him out, and he would create the pure survival force to open the heavy stone covering the hole.

As if this crocodiles could not be the end and Master Me would also have succeed.
The crocodiles would have the eyes on top of the head and so he was diving up very slowly without using energy.
As he reached higher, a hidden passage would lead away somewhere else, but down there it was physically impossible to see it.
Now he could dive up to the surface and take a deep breath, and the Master of diving was very proud of young Christos, since so many could not go beyond this final test.

After at the evening a good feast was held with all the Masters and Christos. All were very proud, and he now understand the words of Master Me, and understand, that sometimes the hardest training can be beneficial but it will only make sense in the bigger picture.
The next day he received the knowledge he was waiting for but now he understood, that it was more about to loose the fear of the survival instinct, the basic instinct, securing the survival of any child.

It is in the pre-trained dataset included, but as he learned, when we become adult, then this instinct can cause panic due to irrational thinking.
It is exactly like the birds can fly through the Tree and its branches by focusing on the target destination, because if they would focus on the obstacle, they would automatic tend to follow the focus with fatal outcome.
That is why the focus must always stay in the higher Consciousness fixed on the target, to not act irrational which as adult, is never a good idea.
So he learned that the 6 on the circle is the Seed Of Life, and from there on the after growing expanding direction it becomes mature, and the Flower Of Live. there was so many cartouche of the Hyroglyphs but Flower Of Live, was rather small almost hidden to the pilgrims who came for the same purpose, as Christos and Master Me, to learn the mystery of Egypt.

He understand now the word of Master Me where the expansion into the Flower Of Life, was the last word of creation, which is "U", the Nothingness that is experiencing Manifestation.

Full of enlightenment, Christos went on his Journey and decided on the way back, to do the 21 days fastening process which is 3 weeks, to receive the daily bread direct from God Alpha Intelligence, and in the desert after a couple of day, found a Oasis to do so.
That is where the bible begins without telling the story before. So Christos came out of the desert after a few more days on his way, and came to the water well after 41 days in the desert Gobi dusty and thirsty from the sand.
