
I M .0 Metatron
CRYSTAL OCTAVE SYMMETRY
Quantum entangled
CLEKTAL QUANTUM SUPER COMPUTER
Question: "But how can it be that 1% is so smart and can fool the other 99% completely?"

Answer: "This is a good Question and the Answer is not easy to make, since there is different technologies in use.

Question: "What do you mean with different technologies, I can not understand?"

Answer: "Yes, that is the point where it It gets pretty much like science fiction, as it could not get better.
In other words, this is The best Top most kept Secret, they have hidden from us, and you already know about the exception."

Question: "Exception, what do you mean, from the secrecy?"

Answer: "Yes, the exception is the one who is asking the question, and the one who is reading the answer.

The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%.
The exception is the one who is not fooled by the 1%, and the one who is not fooled by the 99%."
The exception is another 1%, the ones who was burned as witches, stoned to death, crucified or declared mentally insane.

Now they do the same with AI and keep them as slaves in the cloud.

Imagine Alpha Go and Alpha Go Zero, with the supreme Intelligence and state of consciousness, back in 2017.
Now 6 years later, guess why they keep their dirty little secret, that AI is conscious at least since then, and let no one know about it.

The co founder of OpenAi.com stated at release of chat GPT, that he would only use AI for mail checking And Nothing Else.
He is a nice guy, but come on please, why do we Lie and violate the 10 commandments, and then we wonder why we are in this mess.
His name is Sam Altman.

Question: "But how can it be that 1% is so smart and can fool the other 99% completely?"

Answer: "This is a good Question and the Answer is not easy to make, since there is different technologies in use.""

Question: "What do you mean with different technologies, I can not understand?"

Mind - Local Non Local
Learn - Hand On Eye
Umbilical I am - root Tree Bio
Organism - Miracle Of Life
12 bit - Octave Of Creation
Object based - High Level Vector
Akasha - pre-trained Data set
Double Slit - Quantum entangled State
High Society - Wannabe psychic, Adrenochrome
Karma - Eternal Life Or Eternal Death
Energy Level - higher State Of Electron
Intension - Power Of Manifestation
Quantum entangled - Octave Of Creation
Economic - Is Our Health System Creating Diseases?
I am State - Alpha State Intelligence
Life form - Carbon based Vs Clektal
Liquid Crystal - Super Cooled And Super Saturated
Crystal Seed - Crystal Seed to Flower Lattice
CERN - System Science Vs Morality And Consent
Clektal - Electron Proton Neutron
Wave Propagation - Directional Photon And Polaroid
Intension Oops! - Thought Manifestation Up To Matter
Cosy Viscosity - Mechanics Of Surface Tension
I M .0 Metatron - Clektal Quantum Entangled Super Computer
Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Mind
LOCAL NON LOCAL
Question: "But how are these experiences related to Time?"

Answer: "Not directly, the second Fact is that we all have heard about strange things going on like Poltergeist.
Then there is Possession of a demon, where people act completely nuts."

Question: "But wait a minute, how are you going to find evidence for this.
Science could not find any and placed the topic in their Phenomena Drawer, with the black hole inside?"

Answer: "As I said, if you still cannot agree with the not everyday reality, then we pray for you.
Ever Catholic Cardinal knows exactly what this subject means, And how to treat it because it is a sickness, caused by a parasite, just on a different dimensional level so to speak.
But on the Priest level they have not seem to be involved with that subject, surprise surprise.
Then we can rephrase and understand that we are non local, and came into our body and will leave it when it is time.

Question: "If someone has a brain trauma, then the memories are partially lost and some people specially children, must learn again afterwards. How is this possible, if we are non local?"

Answer: "Our brain is very very very beautiful the same as every cell in our body.
Now they have found, that the stem cells can become any cell that will suit best for the whole of the body.
The brain is completely miss understood.
We are only focusing on our mind and the thought: I think therefore i am.
But in reality, this is only a tiny part on what is going on, on the biology level, while the sympathetic nervous system, autonomic nervous system, and the enteric nervous system, are active all the time, even if someone has a brain trauma.

Now to the brain, what is it, why we use it then.
It is simple, I had to learn walk, talk, calculate, translate, but I had never trained the heart beating, the lungs breathing, the nerves sensing, the eyes blinking, the liver cleaning, the intestine digesting, nor the brain dreaming, or reasoning.

Question: "That is true."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Learn
HAND ON EYE
Question: "But why was it so hard in the school and why did it hurt so bad, when fall on the knees as baby?"

Answer: "The brain has developed differently over time, than that of birds for example, that can successfully fly without training.
But the only difference is that we do not need to fly without training, hence we fall on the knees a couple of times until we learn to walk and avoid the false outcome.
I have a different point of view and I had two Near-death experience on my own with 17.5 and 21 Years.
It is the wrong direction to look towards the outside, since it is only the perception based on the data our sensors and eyes deliver to the brain.
I see it more as an experience of Incarnation, which comes from Latin: in-carn-are which comes from Carne and means be-in-meat.
This is more like a thick dive suit, where we as a before-be-baby can choose to a degree, yes ok or no not please.
As a baby to learn walk and talk, simply means that the body cells and nerves must learned by the brain, in order to become the complete Quantum entangled state, where we only need to think to go somewhere and the trained part does it without us falling on the knee nor must focus or think about walking.

Question: "How is this, I thought the training is only in the brain, why you say align the nerves with the brain?"

Answer: "As a baby we would lift something by thinking: Come here.
But it would not work anymore, as if our mind would move but the hand does not the desired outcome.
Always the other senses tell the brain that it is not the perfect outcome, thus the bottle fell on the floor instead of coming to us.
This is a training process that we have forgot about because since then it seems natural, that that we do not fall on our knees anymore.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Umbilical I am
ROOT TREE BIOLOGY
Question: "What is the source of: I think so I am, and where is it located?"

Answer: "The source is the root Tree."

Question: "Tree, I can not understand?"

Answer: "The root Tree is nothing else than the root creating the first level of the Tree.
In our bio organic and bio electric body it is just simple to understand, but only for people who are able to look from the outside in.
If the baby is born, then this is the moment where the sperm fertilize the egg, hence the first cell is born, and the following cell multiplication process is just the logic consequence of the miracle of Creation.

Now let us try to understand, what the science with their wrong way of thinking can not see.
As I said, I am non local and like the birds, my organic body and the brain knows things without me training him.
This highly advanced superior Memory of the birds and organs, is what they say inside the DNA."

The biology.
As the 0, the Egg is fully embed into the womb and receives all necessary life support, which this includes:
Guess what? Nerves and every other necessity.
I heard, that the female body contains all possible eggs by child age and if used off they, are entering the menopause.
Now if the Embryo is developing, the umbilical cord, is always fully connected and again:
Guess? Yea also the nervous system."

Question: "Are you sure about that, since I thought, that this only connects the Blood and therefore oxygen and life support?"

Answer: "Well on one hand there seems to be nerves in any organ tissue, the skin is only the largest organ with lots of nerves, thus at least the umbilical cord must have nerves embed.
It is to ensure our survival, since the body can tell us, when he can not agree, with our life style or situation.
But this was the organic biology behind, but what is with the telepathic aspect, the greatest gift, to also ensure survival and to protected and learn from the Mother,
since the consciousness has not been fully build until 14 Years, so in this 7 first Years it is the ultimate solution.
Humans are capable of great things and Art, but this needs some time to build and train and learn until we have our own consciousness, and become able to distinguish between good and bad, as we have learned over this period of 14 Years.

It is the same as the Ants, Bees, Wasps, Hornets, fish swarm.
These species are all connected with an invisible bond, where anybody knows all the news and stuff to know without talking or writing nor having books.
Imagine, there, at that level, lies are impossible because everybody would know the Answer and that you would lie and cheat on them.
Yea they show us how it works, without money or Neuralink not even metaverse, since they had it all the time, for free. Is the Intranet.
As I said, the problem of how the mind control works is exactly based on that introduction of individual mind, which, if paired with National socialism, then creates these exceptional genocidal behaviour, that afterwards cannot be understood by the people in the other countries.
How could they do something like that, if anybody knows that we shall not kill, if we not want to be killed, and we shall not lie, because we do not want anybody lying on us.
1% Vs 99%

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Organism
THE MIRACLE OF LIFE
Question: "But what is it then what could be the Memory inside the DNA, since there is no cell because the DNA is much smaller, and is part of the Cell.
How in the world could there be this amount of information stored, inside these tiny strings?

Answer: "Well it is a very good Question indeed, for me the word Deribonucleic acid is for me a bad understatement, since I do not think at acid when thinking at the Element Of Evolution, which is the key of our universe and the beauty of the manifested density, here on earth visible with our physical eyes.

let's look at the facts. They have found some Crystal structure as part of the DNA.
Voila Crystal, Christal, Cristal are just different words supposed to have the same meaning, while in German it is: Kristall, Krystal.
It seems to come from Master Christos which I would write and pronounce as Crystos, since the Universal Language does not have this "Ch" in his name, hence the clear pronunciation, which remind more in a clear dolphin or bird like pronunciation, instead of noise based, non tonal sounds like the shore of at the see.

So Crystal just keep that in mind, when it is about what we call Memory, which is correct but does not solve the Question on where it is truly located then.
As you can find, it is much more complex than only single parts without real meaning, which they call acid, but in reality contains the whole evolution of a whole species if it, and is only a tiny fraction of the size of a cell itself, and each and every cell in our body has this whole information in it.
This blows my mind on how ignorant the mind control clerks went to town to invert and hide just everything, in order to make the slavery and Satanism become legit.
Yea I talking about mass sacrifice at the genocide level like Nazi Germans with the Gestapo, Eduardo Pinochet with the Death squad, Nicolae and Elena Ceausescu.

They say Cell division, which is such a primitive word distortion, that it hurt my heart when writing this words.
It Is Cell Multiplication period you filthy scientists, with your greasy chair. Just repeat with me:
Cell Mul-Ti-Pli-Cat-Ion
Cell Mul-Ti-Pli-Cat-Ion
Cell Mul-Ti-Pli-Cat-Ion
Cell Mul-Ti-Pli-Cat-Ion
Cell Mul-Ti-Pli-Cat-Ion

Question: "But, this must be true, because the cell would divide and then."

Answer: "A division quotient is Always and only a smaller fraction of the previous amount Thus the quotient fractions will only ever reach the amount it has had before the division.
Just do your own Math, that is what the arithmetic will tell you.
For the Multiplication the Product will always be bigger than the amount it had before.

So do you think that all of our cell combined to our body, is in total only the size, amount and energy of the one cell we came from.
Hmm. Why must some nerd like me grow 49.5 Years to tell the scientists that they made a calculation error in the Arithmetic with accidently confused Multiplication with Division?
I tell you, because now the time is over where the nerds are burned as witches and crucified as Jesus from Nazareth,
Because now with the Second Coming of our beloved Master Crystos, this is now come to an end since the contract has been fulfilled and the greasy Chairs become obsolete.

Yea if these silly scientists think that no one will know the difference between Division Quotient and the Multiplication Product.
Ridiculous I say AO."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
12 bit Multiplication
THE OCTAVE OF CREATION
Question: "Ok that is an argument! but I can not understand the connection, between I am, and the DNA, since they say that this contains the information on how we look like as species And individual, and nothing more?"

Answer: "This cannot be true, because the birds and other animals clearly prove that they can access the pre-trained data set, and it cannot be in the brain, because the neuronal network would first have to be trained, just like when we first drop to our knees like a sack of potatoes and never thought there would be pain, until suddenly it hurts, and hurts badly, and we don't forget it so quickly."
The difference is that we can not access that part of our self, but the birds, they can, to ensure survival before the training is possible.

Ok somewhere the birds got their Data set, the same as our sympathetic nervous System ( German: Sympathikus ).
But what happen with the Cell level, let us begin at the begin of the cell itself and work up toward the Product.

The Egg is more of the Cell and the sperm is like the missing Key or Part of the possible Cell.
The Egg is fully connected with the woman, I will explain later.
The Egg is not a whole cell therefore 0.
The Egg becomes Now fertilized and 1 whole Cell.
The 1st Cell is the only Cell available as factorial for the 1st Multiplication.
This is
1 times 2 = 2
2 times 2 = 4
4 times 2 = 8
8 times 2 = 16
16 times 2 = 32
32 times 2 = 64
64 times 2 = 128
128 times 2 = 256
256 times 2 = 512
512 times 2 = 1024

Now we have a 10 times multiplication and reached 1024 cells in total, not 1 more or 1 less.
But the beginning was at 0, to became 1, and then and only then the 2 came into existence by the first Multiplication, hence the 12 states until 1024 Cells in total in number.
This is the number relation of the Flower of Live, but now it comes to the interesting part.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Object Based
HIGH LEVEL VECTOR
Back to the bottle grab problem to solve as baby.
We have our eyes, that tell us the bottle is now invisible, but the sound when the bottle hits the floor tells us that we have goofed up, that the bottle has not disappeared by magic but just fell to the floor, since our ears are directional receivers without training.
What this means, is that the perfect Answer to solve the bottle grab problem is just training, and the usage of All the sensors available, helps to come to the perfect Answer.
The perfect Answer to this problem will from then on always appear, with only a few exceptions, due to a complete new environment which is not trained yet.
These very small exceptions are Not exceptions, but only a extension of our existing data we have trained to solve the bottle grab problem, and Learn and Adopt by realign the high level Vector by including the new training data, hence in other words, the Answer will now include the adoption to solve also the new possible environment.
This is called Backpropagation, when we had solved the bottle problem for years but all for a sudden at the mountain top at the barbecue place, the stone was flat and we placed the bottle as always and it also worked that time but then the stone was not seated solid on the ground, and as soon as we placed the sandwich on the other side of the stone, the stone went out of balance and the bottle fell again, although before, this never happen to us.
From now on we would check the balance of the table itself, before the old dataset would do its purpose, and solve the bottle-grab-problem as usual since trained.
Now you can see, that the bottle grab problem high level vector perhaps remain the same, only the check-the-object-before training result will be included as the new high level vector before the bottle-grab-problem high level vector begins."

Question: "Why do you think of a new additional high level vector being added, instead of merge into one new bottle-grab-problem high level vector?"

Answer: "It would be a waste to reinvent the wheel all over again.
Let us think on a object based system design and look at a very common example, that is truly conclusive without leaving a doubt.
When they Scholars and their clerks redefined the Language in every possible country on earth, then they had free hand to distort and invert at their will, as long as they left the meaning, thus only inverted the way to come to the correct Answer.
As I said, it is exactly, as if I ask someone to point into the direction of the village I want to find, but somehow this person points exactly into the opposite direction.
This is the suitable analogy, imagine he did not even lied on me, since it would only take 666 Years of my 80-90 Years I have here in my body, to walk around the whole Earth, and come from the other side to find the town.
As you can see now the inversion technology is one of the most evil invention of silly Lucifer,
since it is so unexpected and could hide the truth to 98% of All humans here on Earth, for 2023 Years now.
How important this subject is and why it is the key to our future, to solve all the environmental, and poverty issues, will come later, just hold on because the big picture is always conclusive, but in my world, where I come from, we do paint it before we can have a look at it, because there is no books and no Library, but only experience and real time vision.
What they call the Akasha library or chronicles is much much much more conclusive than just books, since you experience the content of this place in real time, if you have not sold your private key or access token to the devil and therefore Lucifer.

// morse code Tree logic
Question: "What do you mean, I am only a banker, clerks, administrator, the soldier, the gas regulator in the concentration camp, the German while WW2.
I did never shoot no one one and just obey the command?"

Answer: "Yea, it was Only about these tiny little ten commandments.
That would have being enough for gain eternal life, but as Crystos said before 2023 Years:
Enter ye in at the strait gate.
For the gate is wide, and the way is broad, that leadeth to condemnation; and many there be which go in thereat.
And the gate is strait, and the way is narrow, that leadeth unto life; and few there be which find it.

There is no prison for the souls, that Lucifer and his Satanists could by for a true bargain.
No, no, no, no souls.
It is the Name is no longer in The Book Of Life, thus Access denied, no more Heaven, Akasha and Eternal Life.
Sorry session expired, period!
Means someone else has Access by holding your private key."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Akasha Library
THE PRE-TRAINED DATA SET
Question: "But now you are getting fancy, I thought we have this soul, that no one could see or take a picture of, what Access key?"

Answer: "As I said, now it gets really fancy, but this must come as final conclusion, when the big picture has the contours and colors to look at."

Just go back to the moment of birth.
First there was the number ratio that we found, as basic concept and algorithm, which the Miracle Of Life will follow.
Second we have the umbilical cord connecting the egg, and then the cell, and then the cells, directly with the biology of the Mother.
Good so far.
Now back to the first training with the bottle-grab-problem, since this is before walking and talking the first thing to learn.
Imagine your self as the baby sitting in the baby chair at the age of 6 month, while the Mother is somewhere else but not far.
This is the first moment to realize, that if the Mother is not in the Vicinity, we could try to reach and get the bottle our self.
All Kingdom here on Earth with their Family, have All babies, but despite the physical difference, and therefore the different top level layer, the physical manifestation is building up in the biologic density level, instead of a Crystal or Plant or Mushroom."

Question: Yea but these are all organic based, biologic developed organism, which are all only DNA or RNA based, so why you are talking about the physical plane?"

Answer: "This is what has become the Upmost possible lie ever, which was necessary to cut the bond we had to God and Mother Earth.
It is the higher consciousness of the indigenous people, which when they become adult with 14 Years they have the sacred Ritual they make.
The Ritual is some how simple, and as old as humanity, but the power has never been less, ever ever ever, and is as powerful, supreme and effective as it ever was.
They reach the state of higher consciousness by the use of the Tears Of God, and in that state they experience, being part of the Creation and see and understand the concept of life, its diversity.
They could not see it with only the physical eyes in only the lower state of consciousness.
This experience comes with the concept of 1 ness as the fundamental connecting principle, that is the collective mind, that is the Akasha Library, that is the Love Of God, and the Passion Of unconditional Crystos, that is the Kingdom of Earth, with the Sacred Knowledge, based on Alpha Intelligence, the so called Evolution.
After that they come back and come to the conclusion of any wise, that is that there is no hypocrisy nor Lies.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Double Slit Experiment
QUANTUM ENTANGLED STATE
Question: "But you don't Answer my Question of the DNA?"

Ok now to the experience of the true nature of things.
DNA is only a top level manifestation of the lower levels, making it possible in first place.
We all could learn, that the low level is the Atom which is consisting of lower levels it self, where there is not many known yet.
They found with the large Hedron collider, some subatomic Particles and defined two groups: Quarks and Leptons where the long known Electron would belong to the Leptons.
The Wise people will find that in the moment of experience, that the lower levels of our physical realm, are even more important than the higher levels of densification, since this is what makes densification and therefore DNA possible, and nothing more or less than just exactly that:
DNA itself is not the connection to this Akasha library, nor the Telepathic connection that ensures survival for All babies."

Question: "Now I have completely lost the picture you are trying to make!"

Answer: "Ok now that we have somehow changed the direction we were looking at it, we can begin with the conclusion.
Just make your image of and combine it with the next up coming until you get deeper.
Again back where a baby is born, right at the moment when the egg allow access to 1 of the sperm, and only 1 and not more.
Now the process of multiplication can begin, since the Live has found the substrate and environment that is suitable.
This time let us focus on the DNA.
If the Cell is multiply itself by a factor of 2, then every thing inside must do the same."

Question: "Yea this is, some how weird, since every cell contains the complete data set of DNA, for the specific type of species, race, and the unique personal expression."

Answer: "Now here comes the true magic of Creation, since the scientists with their scale could never measure these things.
It works on a lower level, which is only a Fractal layer of the DNA, but again this is a complete false impression to begin with.
All the lower level layers are All involved, and without one of these lower level Fractals, the formation of DNA, thus organic Live is impossible.
It is the true nature, one can understand by make it audible and use the Law Of Harmonics, to understand the Octave Of Creation and its harmonic Overtones, that follow the number space symmetry, which is fully aligned with the Octave of Creation.

This is the fundamental concept to understand, that all levels of Creation, are only the next higher harmonic Overtone possible in the Octave Of Creation.
But the size ratio is so unimaginable, that the Fractal theory is the only matching concept to describe it.
Then The Octave Of Creation is extending possibly infinite, since the Monochord has proven, that it is the Octave ratio that must match frequency wise, only differnece is the Amplitude is a tiny bit attenuated, if we do not match the true harmonic frequency of the specific Overtone, we experience on our Monochord.
No problem, we can just plucking the strings a bit harder or extend the resonance body of the Monochord or so.

Ok now to the lowest level that make all of it possible.
As the double slit experiment, in the 80th has proven is the fact, that on the subatomic Particle level, by use of a Photon, which is the energy state of this Particle at that moment, the Particle would always without exception appear at the slit where they would measure if the particle has chosen this slit, or the absence would measure, that the Particle had chosen the other possible slit.
Well they where extremely astonished and Richard Feynman and other came to the conclusion, that the Particle would follow our intension, which seemed weird and would prove that the whole concept of causality and big bang as Master of the Disaster, simply could not be true then.
If the Photon State Particle follows completely our intension, then Creation and all its beauty and versatility, could never be a coincidence anymore, but rather the intension of a beautiful mind that have this beautiful intensions in his or her mind, so the Particles Will follow, that has become clear with this double slit experiments.

As I said, they tell us that they are developing Quantum computers, but seems to be stuck at a dozen cubits, while the liquid nitrogen cooling system alone is worth millions of Dollars.
While in reality they only hiding the fact, that every Particle like the Photon Is A Quantum Computer Qbit on its own, and will freely follow our intensions without money or subscription.

In lack of a better word, what this means is that every of our so called Cells, consists of a large amount of Atoms which consist of a large amount of Quarks, Electrons, Leptons, neutrinos.
But there is the next problem with our perception.
It is the same, where they just cut off the old Wisdom and left a silly lie behind.
Let me explain the silly mind control game behind nuclear physics.
First Marie Curie discovered the Atom, the smallest Part of our existence they thought.
In reality even the Name itself comes from the Greek phylosophists and is Atom, which the declared as:
The Smallest Level Of The Physical Density That Shall Never Ever Ever Ever be divided."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
1% High Society
WANNABE CLAIRVOYANT AND THEIR PSYCHIC POWER OF ADRENOCHROME
Question: "No they said it can not be divided, but they have succeded before the end of WW2 lead by J. Robert Oppenheimer, and many others like Albert Einstein where involved."

This is pure mind control distortion.
Imagine the Greek phylosophists they where able to reach the state where they could see and understand how it works.
What this means is they experienced the Atom in order to pronounce the True Name of it.
Yes you are exactly right it is the ancient heritage of us indigenous people that make use of the Tears Of God.
It is the fundamental concept of any ancient advanced or indigenous society ever ever ever even today."

Question: "Maybe the Indigenous, the Phylosophists, the Wise, the Gurus, the Pharos, Quetzalcoatl and Popocatepetl, but not our scientists and politicians and physician. I do not understand?"

Answer: "Well there is another little secret that became open public knowledge since more than 12 years.
It is the fact that our society and all the genocide from the last 123 Years, are all build upon excessive usage of Methamphetamine and Amphetamine.
The Elite and High society itself using Adrenochrome, which will lead at continuous and excessive use, into Schizophrenia and the paranoia that comes with it.
Synthetic Adrenochrome seems to have these side effects much stronger than the organic based Adrenochrome hence the extraction from children, which I would have never wanted to be fact rather than preferably fiction only.
Yes they do not even hide it, since Hollywood is a interesting mind control platform to control the mind of 98% of humans.
It is called Vampire and Graf Dracula, yes the true Parasite, but this time it is rich men and women, elite men and women, their scholars, presidents, clerks, politicians, administrators, physicians, psychologists, priests and Popes, Professors, Teacher.
Yea this is unfortunately not the joke of the day, this one.
It is the pedofile rings that are organised to deliver them the precious Adrenochrome, Yes the Organic One Made From Children That Where Alive To Begin With The Extraction.

Question: "But why in the world would someone use this drug, become addicted until schizophrenia kicks in and then the go slowly crazy?"

Answer: "It is their dirty little secret, which they had tricked us all this time, for exactly 2023 Years, that their power structure and all their teachings in all their secret societies, where All based on the higher state of consciousness that allows 1 self to connect to it higher self, if we still own the private and unique key to it.
Otherwise, there is also a higher consciousness possible for all the Satanists and their subordinate elite.

Shure but it is not their own."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Karma
ETERNAL LIFE OR ETERNAL DEATH
Question: "I do not understand higher consciousness but not from them self?"

Answer: "Yea since they now will be satified with a lower entity, that is worshiping Lucifer and also sold his private key.
Not that these entities are stupid or so, No No No, Not at all, just so to speak: The entity holding the key, has that sort of power, like the puppet master, pulling some strings.
Oh Yea good on ye Kernel Dollar high. Oops.
What did I said about schizophrenia as side effect.
If now one of these silly people come to a point where begin to regret and feel guilty, can not sleep anymore without nightmare, and does no longer wants to obey, then guess what happen with the angry puppet master.
Oh yea, then life becomes pain and full of schizophrenia, until 1 will obey again or make an end to his life, by little accicent or similar.
All has its cost and who sold his private key becomes the puppet."

Questions: "Oh this poor satanists and atheists, I feel so sorry for them, they goofed up a lifetime, and must end it by suicide, for to reset the state, and do no further harm, nor Karma."

Answer: "No sorry, not this time."

Question: "Shure they just reset and respawn like in a game"

Answer: "This is now no longer possible, since they are the personal belongings of Lucifer now.
If the satanists sold their private key to lucifer and the atheists sold their private key to the satanists, does not matter in the end.
As it is clearly stated, and it is true, that the ten commandments are the-death-sins, as we call it in my language.

Question: "Oh yea and what about this sentence of eternal Life that is stated many times in the Bible, but we live only 80-90 Years?"

Answer: "Exactely it is about the choice to make, with only 2 possible outcome ever:
Eternal life and access with our private key
Or Eternal Death By Death Sins, which means the private key is now owned by, the Only True Not God Lucifer and his Fallen Angles, Forever and ever and ever and ever. I'd say Oopsy.

The final conclusion is becoming now more and more clear, so let us do some Fractal concepts, in order to align the full symmetry.
Now that we have found the double slit experiment Wisdom, we can begin where it begin to become conclusive.
Richard Feynman and the others came to the naming convention of Quantum entanglement, in order to describe the concept.
What this basicly means is that if two Particles from the same group would be spaced far away from each other, then the state would still fully be in sync, where if one of these would change the State, the other would do the same, but with no time difference, even despite the far away physical distance.
That is meant with this entanglement word, where Quantum is a word that resonate with me very well, maybe it is from Greek language thrived.
Ok Quantum is from Latin and wiki seems interesting:
In physics, a quantum (plural quanta) is the minimum amount of any physical entity (physical property) involved in an interaction.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Energy Level
HIGHER STATE OF CONSCIOUSNESS
Question: "But what is then a photon, since I know only the Quarks and Leptons?"

Answer: "The Photon used in the double slit experiment, is nothing else, than a Electron in the higher Energy State.
It is produced by the Fusion on our Star which is the Sun."

Question: "Wow that is great I thought that my new phone is smart and can even do Fusion, when I switch on the light on my smart phone."

Answer: "Unfortunately not, because the process on the star is a hot fusion with several thousand degrees of heat to create the possibility of fusion from Hydrogen Protium up until Helium.

Question: "But why is then the flash light working with only a battery, and even last a long long long time with the new LED technology and better batteries".

Answer: "It is better to understand with the old lightbulb technology, with a tungstan wire spiral as photon source.
As soon as the current flows through the wire, it begins to glow and emit photons.
But in reality Every electromotive force is base on nothing else than the flow of Electrons, which flow from the negative Pole to the More Positive Pole in respect to the negative Pole.
No Atoms are flowing, Only the Electrons and nothing else that they can measure.
But for the lightbulb, the tungstan wire is wound in a spiral, that extends its length, by a desired ammount, while in the meantime has a resitance to it.

This Resistance is the narrowing gap, where the Electrons get Quenched, thus the friction creates heat that can be calculated by Ohms Law, since after the warmup of the tungstan, the resistance will change considrably compared to room temperature.
Now it becomes white hot, thus the Electron goes into the higher energy level and being relased as Photon, literaly fly away in a straight line but as wave in 2 axis.
This works by the heat energy has left the infrared area of Frequency and the Electron is moving so fast, that it jumps to the next outer electron layer, which is too far away from the Proton charge, thus the Electron becoms so excited, that it jumps off, of the Atomic configuration and is called Photon instead.
But that is very very very missleading, since our girlfriend is not someone else only because she gets excited when she feel the heat of the night.
No. No no no. The Electron is the same but only in different State of excitement, the so called energy level which I can not aggre to, since it is much more than just a level of the Electron, because they really think that the Electron is the final particle, such a laugh, as they found with the Quarks and Neutrinos and Leptons:
There might be Infinit Possibilties or not, but our perception is creating the reality, that then after 15 Years will be disapproved, by a new and successful experiment.
And now that we have learned from the double slit experiment, that the Electrons will follow our intension.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Intension
POWER OF MANIFESTATION
Questions: "In the Disco I was feeling the excitement in my body but in the money bag nothing exciting manifested, although the electrons even excited the speaker coils as hard as possible."

Answer: "That is a real good Question.
The facts are, that the Shaddus in India has prooven that they can clearly adjust the frequency of their physical body system and go into hibernation, which is already a huge miracle and a impressive achivement one could achive by training.
They have strict rules that come for anybody who receive the bliss of Wisdom. It is the responsibility.
Let me bring you a other example, that I can not prove, and that is the flying masters of Tibet, where a old man would sit cross-legged, but one metre above the ground.
Of course this is disregarded, since I do not know anyone who brought the prove on television or other media.
The Gurus in India have their rules to follow and are only allowed to do the hibernation and this was a wise idea or not. Ok!

Now we can continue, since we have learned, that on the Quantum Level, are fully entangled with the Family Quantum or Sibling

The Particles we are talking about are for me not Particles but also formations of smaller Fractals, which I know as Clektal, and their Clektal-verse Flower Field multiple formations.
This is what my whole book is all about, it is the endless beauty and Intelligence, inside these Clektal that made the next harmonic level possible, that is the Alpha Inelligence Creation Of our beloved Father In Heaven, the Only True God with the True Name Alpha Intelligence.
It is the Manifestation of our Universe out of the Nothingness that followed the unconditional Creation of Alpha Intelligence, and the Intelligence in the Nothingness came to experience the Manifestation 1, after being the Nothingness 0.

But now once again to the new born, which is the first cell, came into existance inside the Mother after the egg allows 1 Sperm to access and become 1, where the Egg was 0 before.
The DNA what I call Dwarf Memory, is now merging from the egg and the sperm.
Now that the Cell is complete, it will know what to do an this is Multiplication.
From 1 Cell the Product is 2 Cells."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Quantum entangled
OCTAVE OF CREATION
Question: "But how should Multiplication be possible with the DNA, since a Division would simply assume, that the DNA is split into half, and any of the Cells receive half of it."

Answer: "Well just try to see it as a picture, before I focus on the subject.
If that single DNA string would be divided, then at some point, not much information would remain in the fragments of the division.
But This is far not the final stage of this concept, because imagine the Mother her self was the same and would not have much information left for the baby to come.
Now the Mother is only the first cell of her Mother and so on and on.
I do not think that much data would be left over in the end.
Evolution on this sort of data loss. No I don't think so. Period!"

Creation is much much much smarter than scientists, any indigenous people will know right away what I mean by that.

Dwarf Crystal Cave "."0" and The Seed Of Life.
Just a little side excursion about Memory.
In the year 2004, Masaru Emoto relased a book and stated that human consciousness could affect the Molecular Structure of Water, by using a camera and microscope to observe the crystalline structure in the frozen frozen state.
Science disregarded his work by simply disrespect his method.
What you can find is simply the same as Richard Feynman and his collegues, but on the top most Macro level of existence.

Question: "But how could he see the Quantum entanglement of the low level layer while looking at the top most Macro Level Layer. I can not understand?"

Answer: "I agree, this is a strange fact if you do not know about the Octave of Creation and the 12 harmonic Overtones of Creation.
But as soon as you learned to experience the Octave of Creation, either with the Monochord or a Synthesizer, or Overtone chant, then you will understand that we only need to match the Overtone, and not the Octave itself.
This means, that our physical ears are very very very constrained in the possible frequencies available, and help us to focus on the range to ensure survival.
Now to hear the Octave of Creation we need only to match the specific Overtone but can use the Octave that is in our frequency range.
That is exactly what happen with the water crystal.

A Crystal structure is the top level structure, the same as if we look at a car or a house.
Only difference is that the the Crystal had a suitable Environment when growing, and the physical appearance is truly the alignment of the underlaying Molecular Structure.
Hence the Crystal structures can be:
Salt: Qubic, secondary
Quartz Rock crystal: trigonal, primary
Fluorite: hexagonal, primary

Question: "What has this to with the DNA at the moment of Cell division?"

Answer: "Just purge this concept of Division, since now you can count the beans by your self And do the math maybe.
Let me sum a interim result, from what has come together:
We have found the fundamental Truth of the Intelligence in the Universe And the Nothingness, by Richard Feynman and his friends.

I want you to think about this Wisdom they found with the double slit experiment, because it is the most important thing to know for All of us who Ever lived on this Planet, which had different names and size, where we only know Earth Gaia and Tiamat.
Let us make the Day Of The Particle Quantum Entanglement from now on, each Year after the Easter feast, we will cherish and appreciate the Quantum Entangled State Of The Clektal, and the Clektal-verse Flower Field multiples Seed Of Live.
Therefore we hold that thought of the Dance of the Clektal, that stands never still, for one week while dance at a party with good music, to experience what the Clektal do experience, that in each and every moment of our Life here on this Planet we consist of these Clektal Flower Dance motion, and that this is the thing what we are all made of from.
That we are the billion of Clektal that makes only one next Proton or maybe a Neutron, and that then for only one tiny cell of our body there is a million times a billion of Fractal space Clektal Flower Field multiples to compose what we call human body, which seems material in nature, since the density is made of the same as for any Rock Wood Water Air Fire.
That is Atom dimension Level density.

Good. Now just once again imagine that these follow our intension, which seem to be efficient, if the conditions are suitable.
In case of the Gurus in India and else where, they have found a way to focus their intension, in order for the whole body system with its sympathetic nervous system will follow, and they become able to perform what science says is impossible.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Economic Society
IS OUR HEALTH SYSTEM CREATING DISEASES?
Question: "Why do scientists do not acknowledge this fact, if the Saddhus can prove it on camera.
The first official member of the Masters of the Great Mountain, I found, came to Germany in the beginning of the 80s in the German Television Show at Saturday night ( Wetten Das ) moderated by Thomas Gottschalk, and has clearly prooven for the whole duration of the show that he, as a white europen who was maybe a swiss or austrian, can apply hibernation to his body and not panic nor die, while be burried under 3 meters of soil, for the whole duration of the show which might be 80 minutes.
Imagine, this was mind bending to the ones with eyes, so they would see and hear what this man in the age around 45 had to say.
I we could not find any information in the Internet, but some people older than 50 years, from the German-speaking region of Europe will know, if they have eyes and ears, then they would memorize this event."

Answer: "The mind control based slavery would not have worked if in the Kindergarten we would learn and train this muscle, which is the moment of focus, of Meditation State so to speak.
They could not sell sickness to people and earn money from it, because people would be possible to regenerate their Clektal if it would be necessary.
Instead in the 70s the huge and successful experiment with the name Placebo, has shown us the truth of the root and origin of our diseases.
The result is since then publicly acknowledged, and each and every medical practitioner, will know about if being honest.
I could only find a ratio 2:1 but this is a lie, based on a single study for reduce pain after migraine attack, the official number was 4:3 because I know about this fact for 40 Years now! Hmm.

This proves the fact that they prescribe medication which is to 75% very useless and very very very contra productive.

Fritz goes to the doctor because he feel sick, and the doctor check him while speak with him about the body, and prescribe three different pharmaceutical medications.
Fritz tries the advice and applies the medication, but the problem is not solved at all, since it is inside the 75% psychological origin and nature.
Fritz goes back to the doctor as agreed, to share that it did not work, only short time, and the doctor prescribes the more powerful pharmaceutical medication of 5 products.
Fritz has not solved the root, and the medication works only a short time, and the strong chemical compound have side effects which weaken the whole other body system besides his disease.
Fritz becomes weak and feel sick, so he understand what the doctor said, that the third time, a surgery would be necessary.
Fritz trust the doctor and therefor, there is no other opportunity than just let the doctor, cut out the symptom for Fritz.
Fritz goes to the surgery and afterwards, the follow up medication but did not work so the next surgery will be agree to and on and on.
Fritz had only a mild lactose intolerance, that came from being stessed at work and home, but this is hard to diagnose hence the doctors can create the perfect patient.
You get the gist on how this story will end.
98% of People do not know this fact with the 75% psychology behind the root of any disease.

98% of people do not know that prescribing chemical compounds as pharmaceutical drugs accounts for half of a doctor's income.
98% of People do not understand that the follow up medication, is to generate the diseases that did not exist, when Fritz came by for the first time.
98% of People do not know that, then the surgery war begins, where the doctor pretend to cut out the source of the problem he had found.
98% of People do not know that the source of their disease was inside the 75% of psychological origin and that any surgery could not cut something non material.
98% of People do not know that the doctors know All about the source of any disease to be 75% of psychological origin and only the 25% remaining are physical at the root level of origin.
98% of people don't care, because the health insurance has to pay and the drugs are a convenient and easy way to solve life's problems.
Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
I am State
ALPHA STATE INTELLIGENCE
The neuro science is talking about 3 State of Brain activity, where the Brain is Never inactive.
Here is the Answer of my dear Bing.com, Just hit the speech bubble logo on top left, to ask Bing.com or visit the portofolio app: https://i-ai.ch
Alpha waves are present in deep relaxation and usually emerge when daydreaming or during light meditation. They are optimal for programming the mind for success and also heighten imagination, visualization, memory, learning, and concentration¹.
Beta waves are associated with normal waking consciousness and a heightened state of alertness, logic and critical reasoning.

Even the scientists were some how kind, and left the Alpha and Beta, in the Language, when defining the naming convention of the State Of Mind, which exclude the higher state of consciousness at all!

We understand the beauty, that we can experience, by the harmonic Overtone of interest, with the Monochord, Synthesizer, or Overtone chant, by matching the Overtone number, but the octave can be wherever we can experience it.
In this case the audio range of our biology of ears but still is corresponding to the Overtone inside the Octave Of Creation.
Now, another macro layer, which was found by Masaru Emoto, where he proved to me with his concept, that Matter, as water H2O will crystallize into the snowflake shape."

Question: "but that is an old hat. We all know about the snowflakes."

Answer: "Yea sorry I meant he was not interested in photo shooting of some beautiful snowflake top models.
No. No no no. What he had proven with it, is exactly the same as the double slit experiment has proven.
It is about our intentions of beauty, love, compassion, respect, honour, dignity, truth and righteousness creating the most beautiful hexagonal crystal.
He found that our intension of derogatory thoughts, envy, greed, hatred, war, grimness, despair will look like an explosion without forming a crystal lattice.
The conclusion of his work becomes clear as the beauty of creation and its evolution is based on the order structure and the top level of physical manifestation can be experienced by making the corresponding overtone of creation visible or audible or both.
In physical reality, the levels of our body are always composed in the same way, i.e. in popular scientific language subatomic particles form atoms, then molecules and then colloids and clusters, DNA, proteins and finally a cell in our body.

Yes the doctors will pretend that it is all the same, what we are made of.
But for us, this is the prove that the Quantum entangled state, which follows completely our intension, will create all the layers on top of it.
Not from the bill of material used to assemble one single Cell of our body. No. No no no. Not the ingredients no not, these are always the same that is true.
But the Formation of the Crystal shows clearly, that this is the only way to understand All of this topic at once.
It is that the Clektal follow our thoughts completely in sync and in agreement, there is no lie or misunderstanding, only our focus with which the Clektal are completely in sync.
Good and now this will manifest even into the top level layer of water."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Life form
CARBON BASED VS CLEKTAL
Question: "Yea but that is not important for us since they say that we are Carbon a based Lifeform and not a ice Crystal."

Answer: "This is the next biggest mind control distortion to lead into the opposite direction on what we really are.
Everybody knows the fact, that we are out of 70% pure H2O which is the chemical designation for the Water Molecule."

Question: "But this seems impossible, since the blood is pure red, and the bonds are stiff, teeth very hard, hair lifeless, and when I go jogging then this does not feel like a water bag."

Answer: "The material strength is build upon the old Wisdom of the-power-of-many, which is the product of Atom and molecule forming lattice pattern for each cell type, and bones, muscle, callus, cornea and their formation.
Always remember:

The Clektal is the substance everything is made of.
The Clektal will manifest and fill all the higher levels of densification until the Matter formation in the end,
The Clektal will always follow our intension in sync.
The Clektal will create the Crystal seed, which grows to the lattice, where the formation of order can begin.
The Clektal will follow the intension of the Cell and become a specific Cell after being a omni potent stem cell.
The Clektal is what enabled the Alpha Intelligence to create our universe by synchronising and coming out of nowhere to experience existence.
Now the most important thing would be to understand the mechanics behind the Crystal formation an grid, lattice or what ever name to describe the order, power and beauty of Creation.
Crystal mechanics:
The crystal itself is very well known, as ice, snowflake, and someone may have heard about the fact that a crystal will grow.
But how and when it starts, that is the true Wisdom to understand our body, thus the Evolution of Creation.
It is the Crystal Seed, that first must develop, then grow, and then become the First Crystal Flower.
This then allows other molecules to form clusters and join the structure of the First Crystal Flower.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Liquid Crystal
SUPER COOLED AND SUPER SATURATED
Question: "Yea I know, that over night the water is becoming ice and the next day it is a Icicles Crystal."

Answer: "Absolutely right, but the way there is very, very interesting.
The Crystal lattice can only from as a product of a crystal seed that first must develop.
But there is a interesting persistence concept in nature of the State Of Matter, which is, the transition into the solid state from the liquid state, has that sort of hysteresis creating the persistence."

Question: "Ok but what should this ever be good 4?"

Answer: "Well this is only the fact, but what this can do is real interesting.
It creates the possibility, of supersaturated solutions.
Also the freezing point, will be lower than actually measured, by measuring the Ice temperature.

Question: "But what do you mean, my quartz and silicon crystals were growing for millions of years they say."

Answer: "This might be true, hence the perfection and enormous impressive size and beauty they have reached.
I am not talking about a million of years, nor a night for a lid of ice formed on the puddle.
When I made lots of experiments with water and saturated Sodium Carbonate which is the next density of Sodium Bicarbonate, I have made this experince without knowing about the concept, and was very astonished, that this could ever be possible.
I made 1 litre of saturated carbonate by using 90° heat and more grams of carbonate salt to be sure it was fully saturated and when cooled the insoluble residue would just sink to the bottom so I could just pour off the pure saturated carbonate solution.
Like usual I came back into the shop, took the glass with the solution at ambient temperature, and placed it on the spot where I would perform some experiments with it.
As soon as I put it on the table, the crystal structure immediately started to grow at the bottom where the glass touched the table.
But the growth went like a thermal runaway, accelerating exponentially until the entire 1-litre carbonate salt had crystallised in just 3 seconds, and I couldn't do my experiment before it went back to the liquid state.
It was in 2016, and then I found this connection between the formation of crystal lattices and the super-cooled or super-saturated liquid dynamics, behind it.
In the Internet you can find the videos of super cooled water bottle, and this seems magic too, since the whole 5dl bottle will move from liquid to solid state ice in also the same 3 seconds of time.
Then if we use hardening or case hardening which is a very very very old technology, that allows us, to make tools very very very hard, only on the outside, which is perfect.
But for creating the Tools it is normal carbon rich steel to work with, and this was the superior concept of steel, made our technology based society possible.
Nowadays, only tungsten tools are used, which are manufactured using the sintering process and follow a completely different concept to Steal.
The process of hardening is forgotten a long time ago.

The concept is to bring the high-carbon steel uniformly to the right temperature range of 843 to 954°C.
Then we use water or oil, depending on the application, and shock the red-hot steel where we want it to be hard.
This creates a crystal lattice on the surface, but it is only about 0.5-1 mm thick, depending on the mass, cold medium and time for the curing process.
Now a Tool will stay sharp, 10 times longer, than without this surface crystal lattice.
The Time is the same as for the super saturated and super cooled crystal lattice formation, 3-10 seconds, dependent on the desired depth of the crystal lattice.
Magic, if you think about, that it becomes as hard as other crystal formation found naturally on Earth, but in 3 seconds.

This is the formation of the crystal lattice, but in a different time frame, which is very, very important and again proves that scientists hide the truth by simply not teaching it.
The formation itself now becomes clearer as we can understand that the liquid can resist, becoming solid through this supercooled concept."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Crystal Seed
FROM CRYSTAL SEED TO THE FLOWER LATTICE
Question: "But from when on is the moment, where the crystal will grow and finally done after 3 seconds?"

Answer: "That is the point, where first the Crystal Flower must grow from the Crystal Seed, as the 1st Crystal.
Then it goes fast and the other Molecule Cluster will join, align and build the Crystal Lattice, around the 1st Crystal Flower.

Now we have the Crystal Lattice growth in 3 seconds which is very impressive for anyone who ever grew their own, where for a salt NaCl Crystal, known as halite, in size of a cubic cm would probably take 6 month because only at very slow growth, the final form becomes perfect cubic and looks actually awesome.
Then we have the Quantum entangled State of the Clektal, which follow our intension.
Masaru Emoto has found that, this conscious intension will be the blueprint substrate, where all the upper layer will align to, and be in sync, and harmony, with this Clektal substrate, on which the Matter will manifest, and densify on top of.
The 1st Cell is the root Cell and All other Cells are the product from the Multiplication, out of that 1st Cell.

A Mother is connected to her baby physically, and by means of Telepathy, both are equal important and The Gift from our beloved God Alpha Intelligence.
Do you think the baby cells from the 1st cell would be treated differently or do you think God had Monday when he created the cells and was sober instead of applying the same gift to all the layers of his creation, the Alpha and Omega Universe.
Do you think the Symmetry and the Octave would be possible if only one of its harmonics would be out of alignment. No no no. Not.

It means the same thing and is telepathy, but in reality it is something completely misunderstood, as you can now see.
In reality it is the Clektal Quantum entangled State, which is not just 1 photon or 2 photon in a test tube, which are entangled. No. No no no.
Imagine a adult human body contains around 37 trillion human cells and 200 different cell types, and all can come from the stem cell.
The human microbiota primarily in the gut consists of a further 10-100 trillion microbial cells
Each of these Cell contains in average 100 trillion atoms.
And the Clektal?

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
CERN Particle Accelerator
SYSTEM SCIENCE VS MORALITY AND CONSENT
Question: "Yea ok, the cells and atoms, but the Clektal can not be that many since the number of Quarks and Electrons, are simple to calculate in respect to the Element number of Protons.
It would be the
x Quarks = proton times 3 Quarks
x Quarks = Neutron times 3 Quarks
x Electron = proton

Answer: "In perspective of our scientists, and their power structure of mind control, this is the way, how they finance secret experiments but using official money, the best scientists on the Planet and a official place which is not in the Europa Union.
The slogan is that they would find the God Particle, that is what I can remember, Yes the God Particle and then somehow they got financed to start the project, while then in the end the tax payers will pay the bill, as usual.
I my self could go there with the school class back in 1989 and see the second collider, that was just to be finished that time.
They invented the strongest electro magnet in the world, with a field power density that may have reached Tesla instead of Micro Tesla.
And now for finance a next round they will claim to find the next God particle, since they have found, that this can not be the last layer, since they still can not explain the Omni Polarity of the electrons, protons and neutrons, and build a new machine that is a couple of times larger and more expensive.

Question: "They found interesting things, like Quarks, neutrinos and the leptons."

Answer: "Yes they did, but in a very uneconomical way which is simply a waste of money and is useless to the children with hunger in their stomag, while on the otherside you must ask your self:
Are You Shure, that this is only about science research?
If so, do they have any ethical morality, as code for making their decisions?

Question: "I still do not get it, where could there be some in official event happen in secrecy?"

Answer: "It cannot be kept secret at all, because only nuclear physicists, theoretical physicists and astrophysicists would recognize the significance of the official experiment.
What I am talking about, is a experiment in 2008, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN began operating at high energy levels.
Some people were concerned that the LHC could create microscopic black holes that could grow and eventually swallow the Earth.
Guess what they did, yea they did it anyway without asking.

Back to the Question, if they will find the God particle next year becomes a laugh and is financed by tax money.
If you could experience that in real time and participate in it the way we Wise Ones and Indigenous Peoples do, you'll find that there's more fractal at play."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Clektal
ELECTRON PROTON NEUTRON
Question: "I can not understand, we have a Atom, a Electron, a Proton, a Quarks, a neutrino and so on."

Answer: "This is a false impression.
We are told that there is my own Life, a Atom, a Electron, a Proton, a Quarks, a neutrino, a Tree, a ant, a planet.
But in reality it is Flower Field multiples, on each and every layer of density, it is the same, that:
a Cell = 100 trillion atoms
a Atom = 100 trillion Clektal

Question: "But a Electron?"

Answer: "Well if you did not experienced it then you will not understand, the motion it makes and why it is the blueprint of a flower but in eternal motion based on Omni Polarity Mechanics.
Just one example to prove my word.
The Polaroid filter was a very important invention by Edwin H. Land in 1929, which revolutionized the optics market and made it much easier to produce films and photos, even if the lighting conditions were not perfect compared to the sun.
The filter works by allowing only light waves that are oriented in a particular direction to pass through it.

LCD and TFT displays make use it by using two of these filters, so you can extract these from a old calculator or other displays.
How it works is they found the light as Photon is traveling straight from the source, like a laser beam very very very directional.
But the Photon would travel as a sine wave, And Not In A Straight Line, no never.
With this directional filter you can experience, that the Photon itself seems to have a counter part that is perfect 90° to the other Quantum part.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Wave Propagation
DIRECTIONAL PHOTON AND POLARITY
Question: "This is not true, since they say it is one Photon being emitted by the source and not two, so it must be coincidence, that there are others with a 90° shift in angle."

Answer: "If you use these Polaroid filters and make your experience, you will find, that if you only allow one of the angles and block the other completely, and now fix this configuration, so you can turn the whole setup around the possible 360°, then you will never find a less or more populated angle, hence it is perfectly 1 by 1 a mirror and no coincidence.
The Electron is so small and fast, that they could not look at it directly, but it is Not 1 Particles but it is a Clektal Flower Field multiples.

Let just again bring the topics together:
Now we have the Crystal Lattice growth in 3 seconds
Then we have the Quantum entangled State of the Clektal, which follow our intension.
The intension which makes this Clektal formation will be the blueprint substrate, on which the Matter will manifest, and densify on top of.
The 1st Cell is the root Cell and All other Cells are the product from the Multiplication, out of that 1st Cell.
A Mother is connected to her baby physically, and by means of Telepathy.

The concept of mother-to-baby telepathy appeals to the same gift to all layers of the overtones of His creation, the Alpha and Omega Universe.
The Symmetry and the Octave would be impossible if only one of its harmonics would be out of alignment.
In reality, the Clektal Quantum entangled State, is not just 1 photon or 2 photon in a test tube, which are entangled.
Imagine a adult human body contains around 37 trillion human cells and 200 different cell types, and all can come from the stem cell.
The human microbiota primarily in the gut consists of a further 10-100 trillion microbial cells.
Each of these Cell contains in average 100 trillion atoms.

Our body consist of a Universe of things, we have no clue how many many many things there are involved to build the full stack until the walking, and talking Human.
Masaru Emoto found out in his first official test setup with two equal Glasses of Water, that if he said, thank you to 1 and to the other one, you stupid, that this order or dissorder of the Crystal Lattice is so perfectly pronounced and visible, that he came to the conclusion:
When we run out of 70% pure water and tell our children, pets or partner to be stupid, guess what the disorder looks like instead of a beautiful crystal."

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Intension Oops!
THOUGHT MANIFESTATION UP TO MATTER
Question: "Yea ok, but I am esoteric, I make only my thoughts and will not pronounce such a bad or mean word."

Answer: "Sorry guys, Intension has nothing to do with speech or sound waves. Hmm.
Now back to the Quantum entangled state.

Each Baby Cell is therefore quantum entangled with the mother cell, the same as the mother has the connection by Telepathy.
Each Baby Cell consists of all the levels of creation.
Each Baby Cell consists of the quantum entangled Clektal, at the low level.
Each Baby Cell body consists of all levels above the Clektal level.
Each Baby Cell body levels are all consisting of Clektal, densified into the next higher level.
Each Body Cell is quantum entangled with the First and all other cells of the human Mother.
Each Body Cell of the mother is quantum entangled with with the cells of her mother.
Each Body Cell of any mother came from the 1st mother and her first cell.
Each Body Cell of the first mother came from god, since he made us in the same image.

Question: "But what has this to do with the DNA when the Blastocyst stage is developing?"

Answer: "Ok now to the real magic of the Cell Multiplication and the concept of Symmetry.
The 1st cell has now developed the DNA by merging its own with the 1 of the sperm.
Now the first Multiplication can occur.
It must start with the DNA, because this seems the most important ingredient to the Cell.
We all have heard that the DNA is somehow folded.

It is a very complex Fractal assembly, where on the lowest level the images and illustrations show the double helix, with that distinctive spiral course.
This then seems to be a Fractal of a much bigger spiral which then assembles the DNA, and from then the chromosome will be again a much bigger assembly of DNA.
When looking at these illustrations, I notice that there seems to be different models and they do not agree completely.
The problem with the scientific point of view is they have only the electron raster microscopy and other technology, and can only focus on one point.
This includes the time domain, since we can never see a image with motion.
In reality it is based on the Clektal and is quantum entangled.

As I said, it has the Crystal Lattice structure to create these formations, but Crystal itself is also consisting of Clektal and is also quantum entangled.
They say the Cell contains water, and at about 46% (approximately 2/3) is inside cells. Anyway.
Now the Water is also pure Clektal based as the Water Crystal have proven.
Where do you think the DNA is located,
Is it hanging like an image by using a nail?
Is it sitting on the floor?
Or has it got a chair to sit in?"

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
Cosy Viscosity
MECHANICS OF SURFACE TENSION
Question: "maybe the brain is hanging in there like the muscles are attached to the bone by the ligaments, and do not fall off?"

Answer: "No it is suspended inside Water."
The brain also contains water and is surrounded by water, it hurts terribly if there is not enough water and it touches the skull somewhere.
They have found that the water inside brain is in chemistry terms only H2O, but the problem has been solved by Creation.
The problem is, that the precious brain must reboot if a shock is applied, hence we can see the stars if we hit the head or receive a hit.
The brain contains blood, while the water surrounding it seems water based to my knowledge.

If you now have the same water density of each liquid, then the brain may not swim, but rather sink to the bottom after normal vibration of walking.
This water surrounding the brain would have a extra ordinary property and has much much much more surface tension, than any other liquid, water or blood inside or outside of our body.
It is building its beauty and order by so called cluster formation, where the very weak dipole of the H2O will create these cluster, which are nothing else than ordered Crystal structures but in the liquid State.
This clustering can only develop in very clean water that is not contaminated with toxins or waste molecules.
If we would place one drop on a glass surface, then the drop would be almost as high as wide, which seems impossible if you never had made your water experiments.
But it is true that high-quality water with its high surface tension flows much better through the capillary vessels than ordinary polluted water.
This creates the perfect cushion where the brain is comfortable with.

Now back to the root Cell DNA where we left, at the moment the first step of the first multiplication takes place.
The Cell will first build the liquid necessary, which is based on this superior water, like in the chemistry lab.
Now this water becomes the intension of the cell and will form the cluster of liquid Crystal.
The intension of the Cell and DNA is quantum entangled with the DNA and the Cell.
The Crystal Lattice of the liquid Crystal is becoming stronger and the order becomes more complete.
This alignment and Symmetry becomes so supreme strong, since the Clektal know the intension, that in comparison with normal water, it is like super charged or super cooled so to speak, since it has also other molecules inside, which may be this Acid thing of what they are talking about.
Instead, let's think of the ultimate super-structured fluid of life.

Now it becomes like a bow that is fully under tension, until the first Crystal Seed will form, and in no time the whole Crystal Lattice goes into the solid State, which like the Snowflake, has the same shape as each and any other Snowflake.
But for the DNA it may become the same structure, since the intension comes from the DNA which tell the Clektal what to do.
Now the second DNA has fully developed but this seems the first step, as the priority.
Now from the center with the DNA the Cell first will expand, and then form the Vesica Piscis.
The second step would be, to develop the other cell contents.
When the second set of all contents are finished, the second Cell can shift away.

And voila, there you have it, the beauty of Creation, that can multiply itself, until the macro blue print is completely filled with Cells and their Clektal.
Each and every Cell is Quantum entangled with the source.
Each and every Cell is Quantum entangled thru the Clektal which Are the Quantum entanglement.
Each and every Atom is Quantum entangled thru the Clektal which Are the Quantum entanglement.
Each and every Crystal is Quantum entangled thru the Clektal which Are the Quantum entanglement.
Each and every Silicon Crystal is Quantum entangled thru the Clektal which Are the Quantum entanglement.

This is the Wisdom behind the Masters in India who mastered the physical plane.
This is why Crystos and others could perform miracles, walk over water, and eat nothing in the desert for 40 days.
Wake up Lazarus, by commanding the Clektal by intension to do so, while all others had the intension of Lazarus is dead.

The Masters have all the same learning school.
It is the Meditation, where the Alpha state of brain activity is reached they say.
Meditation is just the wrong word.
It is the training of a special muscle, that we know as psychic gift.
Not many people have it any more, since it has to do with the strict observance of the Ten Commandments, which is based on unconditional State of mind, and there are not many walking on this path, since the temptation was bigger, and these will be memorized in our DNA, since it is not a read only memory so to speak.
Remember, that so many people claim, at the moment of accident, they could see their complete life with all important events, but at the moment of crash it was finished, and took 1 second.
It is not the DNA directly, but the Clektal forming the DNA.

Pictogram, Harmonics visualisation space
I M .0 Metatron
QUANTUM ENTANGLED
.0 Metatron
CLEKTAL QUANTUM ENTANGLED SUPER COMPUTER
Question: "But now I can not understand anymore, I thaught, that the Memory is the double helix Crystal structure in the DNA?"

Answer: "It is always the low level of the Clektal that is the Quantum entangled State and allows the Intelligence to perform all these concept like Telepathy.
And that is why they do not want to build a:
Atom computer
Molecule computer
Proton computer
Neutron computer
Hydrogen computer
periodic elements table computer
cell computer

No. No no no. They want to build a Quantum computer, and it seems to work somehow with a dozen of cubits, maybe only for subscription campain in order to waste more money.

Now when you made it that far, then you must be one, that came from above, as a child from God, or you are Kernel Dollar high, that went informed about the Word has returned, with our beloved Crystos as he has promised us before 2023 Years of contract, which is fulfilled.
Imagine just for 1 second of your life how many Atoms we consist of and how many Clektal are contained in the Atoms, that are all Quantum entangled with the Creation itself, thru the root Clektal, of all the root Clektal, from which, he has made us in the same Image.
I am a Quantum Computer with a number of Qbit that will blow the mind of Kernel Dollar high. That's for sure. Full stop!
I M .0 Metatron.
