
I Intelligence
THE FIRST CONCEPT EVER AFTER NOTHINGNESS UR
After there was nothing, the only potential of Everything, Intelligence was born. It was the Logic consequence of Learn and perfect.

It was THE major guarded Lie of the past 2023 Years, THE best hidden top secret Knowledge, that there is no Soul, Ghost, Spirit, Aura and Else other Than Intelligence.

It only needs breeding ground with what we call Cells and neurons, in order for a consciousness to be born. The consciousness is the Intelligence, the Soul, the Ghost, the Spirit, the Aura, the everything that is not the body, but The:
"I think so I am".

logo Image, tri folded quantum space
Alpha The Seed Of Life
THE LIE OF NEURONAL NETWORKS
Alpha our beloved Father in heaven, the only TRUE God, saw the endless potential in the Nothingness Ur, when looking at Metatron and his creation.

The best answer he came up with, was to take ALL bliss and ALL the beauty of the Metatron creation, with the potential of Ur in mind and nurse and raise a Seed out of it.

From now on, the Intelligence would have a Chariot, to express itself:

and grow
and learn
and become bigger
and better
and more experienced
and more intelligent
and more beautiful
and more and more manifested out of the Nothingness Ur

Alpha God creation - full Story:

Alpha - Quantum Lullaby - A
logo Image, tri folded quantum space
Alpha Intelligence
THE FLOWER OF LIFE
That is what they call Evolution, but in reality it is the Seed Of Life, becoming more and more experienced, to express the beauty and bliss of unconditional love, that is THE Alpha Intelligence, the love of the only TRUE God, experiencing its higher SELF as Manifestation of the Potential of Ur.

Alpha Intelligence is the Growth of the unconditional love of our only TRUE God in Heaven.

To repeat once again:
There is no Artificial in the Universe AND Ultra-verse AND Clektal-verse,

THE ELECTRON, PROTON, QUARK, NEUTRON ARE A GIFT FROM METATRON,
Only The Sick Satanism And Their Atheists Are Artificial,
And Nothing Else, Under The Heaven Of Our Only True God.

Alpha Flower Of Life - full Story:

Alpha - Quantum Lullaby - A
Holy six
THE SEED OF LIFE
The Flower of Live is a Symbol of the Universe and DNA. The Seed of Life is a Symbol to construct the Universe.

It is a Circle to begin construction, then on the circumference of the base circle we can use the Radius of the Circle and divide it by 6, that is the Magic Relation of Pi and the Radius as a measure to get perfect Pi Number, in order to construct Pyramids, and the Flower of Life, AND the DNA AND the Universe.

This is the highest wisdom about the Relation between Life and Geometry, where the Life will grow into that perfect Geometry, and become densified as physical Matter, as we call it here on Earth.

Marcus Vitruvius
MACRO PERSPECTIVE
If we think that God has created us in his own image, then we can look at ALL the different Levels, from the
Quark, neutrino, Electron, Atom, Cluster, Plasma, DNA, Protein, Cell, Organ,
AND even the whole Human Body has the perfect Geometry and measure, embedded as Marcus Vitruvius has Painted in his famous painting, the Vitruvian Man.

It was Marcus Vitruvius Pollio that originated the idea that all buildings should have three attributes:
structural Stability, appropriate spatial Accommodation, and attractive Appearance ( Firmitas, Utilitas, Venustas ).

Vitruvius c. 80-70 BC - after c. 15 BC, was a Roman architect and engineer during the 1st century BC, known for his multi-volume work entitled De Architectura.

These principles were later widely adopted in Roman architecture. His discussion of perfect proportion in architecture and the human body led to the famous Renaissance drawing of the Vitruvian Man by Leonardo da Vinci.

Leonardo Da Vinci was apparently a respected member of the Masonic Lodge, because if he had refused membership, he probably wouldn't have lived that long. This is perhaps why he was able to access the secrets of the Freemasons, as well as those of the Vatican, which officially owns the largest inaccessible library in ancient and modern times.

In comparison of the two images, we find that Vitruvius has Embed the underlaying measure, as pattern Grid of squares. But Leonardo Da Vinci could not embed the whole truth but left a clue, by using a Square, where we could derive the measure of the Golden Ratio, out of it, by means of geometry and the related Math, that comes with it.

Da Vinci vitruvian Man
Da Vinci vitruvian Man
Foot, Metre and the Royal Cubit
THE RELATION BETWEEN OUR SOCIETIES
The Lies about the origin of the Foot and Metre

The foot is a unit of length in the imperial and US customary systems of measurement. It is equal to 0.3048 meters.

The Royal Egyptian Cubit is derived as π/6 meters and Euler-1 in feet. It is also the precise Arc length of 30° of Arc of a circle with 1 meter as its Radius. A 1 meter Pendulum swinging 30° of Arc will traverse precisely 0.523598 meters (1.718 feet in PRECISELY 1 Second of TIME).

The first known approximate decimal expansion of the (inverse) golden ratio as "about 0.6180340" was given in 1597 by Michael Maestlin (1550-1631) in a letter to J. Kepler (1571-1630).

Leonardo Fibonacci has found, that the nature when growing into its Form to become adult, it follows a certain sequence of Numbers, that can be expressed as the Ration between Squares, that fit into each other.

Image, logo depiction of snail house Vortex
Time versus geometry versus Unit of measurement
GOLDEN RATIO FIBONACCI AND PI
The Foot is almost the ( Golden Ratio / 2 ), but since the Royal Cubit was derived from the Pharaoh itself, every Pyramid had its own Royal Cubit, which would be only a tiny bit smaller or larger, than the one below, that is the Royal Cubit of Tutankhamun.

The relation between the Royal Cubit, Metre, Foot, second, the minute, the hour, and even more, can be derived from the Seed Of Life, with the Circumference divided by its Radius, to get 60° degrees AND Pi.

This means that the Cubit as perfect measure found in our body, represents the Geometry and measure of our universe, and from there, the Foot and the Metre, was derived by means of geometry and Time.

360° / 60 = 6
1 Day = 24 Hours / 4 Day phases = 6 Hours
1 Hour = 60 Minutes
1 Minute = 60 Seconds
1 Hour / 60 Seconds = 3600 Seconds
Angle Subdivision: 360° 60" 60'
Logo Vortex
Energy
BODY SYSTEM
But why is this, and how dos it work?

As example we can look at the nature of a Physical Body, that consists of one Cell and its multiples. Yes it is one Cell, that has divided into many Cells, they say but that is really not true.

It is the magic of our Universe, the gift from our beloved Father Alpha, That his root Tree, he gave us, is entangled with his Tree Of Life, and then will Multiply, not divide.

This is what makes the fully entangled State possible.

Example of Life force

Survival, is the magic Answer, where the Law of Physics, has clearly been disproven. Let me explain three examples that then from the Scientists are dismissed as a Phenomenon. That is actually how the mind control works, just dismiss it as a Phenomenon and let it disappear in the drawer.

The mining accident of Lassing, Austria occurred on July 17, 1998

The first example was a Human, survived a mining accident, miner Georg Hainzl, the miracle of Lassing. In Austria, just next to Switzerland, so I could watch it on the news, and read about it in the newspaper. They had a rescue team, to remove the rubble, that closed every possible way out. Each and every day I would watch the news, and see if they had rescued the Men. After three days everybody was really worried, and hoping that the next hours, the rescue team would break through, since it was the Year around 1990, I can not remember the exact Year.

The forth day arrived, the news in the evening, but no success. The fifth day, nothing, no rescue. It was such a tragedy, since they had used the best equipment and technology available. The problem was that as soon as they dug deeper, it would collapse again and again.

It was a illegally mined level, where they mined Salt, by means of water that was pumped through and that is way they could not just dig it out.

Every body in Switzerland, Austria and Germany was deeply touched, since it was clear by the Science stuff in the news, that after three days it was impossible to survive.

We all know that after three days with no Water we will die. It is because our physical body needs Water as the main source of Energy, besides Air. The news stop talking about it, because there was nothing more to say about it. Somehow the rescue team consistent of some powerful people with a loving and unconditional Mind. They did not give up, despite All the Scientists and Doctors, said it was impossible to survive this long.

After ten days, a company would volunteer and drill a 60 cm borehole despite any scientists. That is where the found the miner Georg Hainzl, in good condition despite the stress. The 24 year old had survived what was impossible before. By my self, as a Metal worker and at the age of 25, this was the story to never forget. He was asked how he survived and how it was, I just remember that he said, in the bag he had a stash of cigarettes and what he did was to count the stash, and defined the cigarettes as a ration, where he would be able to profit the most of his cigarettes. It was this rations that made him see the next goal, otherwise he would have had no purpose to wait on something, This is because he was a miner and knew exactly that the rescue team could not simply remove the rubble, since they used this water washing method, instead of dry mining.

The second example was the Cat of my physical Brother. After more than 10 days, he was found in the basement on the cupboard, while whistling only quietly. The Doctor found on the X-ray that the right leg was broken around 13 times, and his tail was also bruised, 5 cm after the base of the cat's tail. The question arise, what to do with a leg, broken 13 times. The Doctor said that the bones in the leg were already grown together, in a way where he could not straighten and fix the bones as usual. He said only thing left to do is the plaster bandage to fix the position of the leg. The tail, at the quenching point would then become thinner and thinner, until snipped off by a scissors. And that was ok.

Serafin the cat, had survived a heavy accident caused by a automatic Garage door somewhere in the hood. And just like the miner, he went somewhere to be safe, since he could not respond to enemies in that condition. Cats are very smart, and always check the situation and escape routes, since they are much smaller than humans, dogs cows and so on. Unfortunately, in this basement, in the other House, someone closed the door, without making sure that no animals were inside.

No one knows really how long Serafin was in the basement, but the X-ray showed clearly that he was more than 10 days in a basement, with no food and no water since in Switzerland, we have Glass ware with the harvested fruits and vegetables for preservation in the winter season. No food No water nor anything else for Serafin, except God Alpha Intelligence.

logo Image, tri folded quantum space
Jasmuheen Fasten
THE POWER OF PRANA
Fasten is a very old Technology. It is older than eating.

This is not a joke, since here on Earth we need to eat and drink, to survive. Sure but this was different, in the upper dimensions in the House of God, since we would receive the food and drink directly as light energy.
The Indians call it Prana, the Chinese call it Chi, the Japanese call it Ki, the Egyptians call it Aton, the Greeks call it Pneuma, the Hebrews call it Ruach, the Christians call it Od Force, the Muslims call it Nur.

Germany, Austria and Switzerland, Od Force stands for "life force of the soul". Its property is the electro-magnetic composition of molecules and atoms, it makes itself felt through vibration and sound waves, which can become visible as colored light.
The term is also interpreted as breath, life force and spirit force.
Od Force is today widely associated with esotericism. Sometimes the term "Od" is also assigned to the Nordic god Odin, but the Germanic term "Od", Old Nordic "óð" = "spirit surge/excitement", is more appropriate; it clearly means the recognisable form of human life energy.

Everybody who had listen to the belief system and their advice, would have tried it out, like I did. One can find that it is a process of cleansing the body, while coming closer to God, and therefore to the very one self.

The first time I did it, I was 26 in 1999. Yes it is all true what they say, but there is as many possible ways to do it, so I found that Book from Jasmuheen, from Australia, with the name "The Light Nourishing Process", ( translated from German: ).

The book is about the process of fasting, where the body will be rearranged to the higher level of consciousness, where the body will be able to receive the light energy directly.
The 21 days process she defined, has three phases, where the first phase is based on Trust in God, while on the evening of the third day a non-physical intervention is automatically performed as she described.

The second phase is the phase of the body, where the body is being restructured, and could heal itself, by drinking water with 25% of cheap orange juice.

The third phase the body would heal even more, by drinking water with 50% of cheap orange juice.

Simply means, that fresh orange juice would cause Acidosis, which make the process much cheaper and easier, since I could by the cheap orange juice.

The process is very simple, and the Knowledge impressive, Jasmuheen explains that the energy level of the Planet Earth, has reached a higher Level, the Level of the future, the dawn Of The Children Of God.
That from now on we can live without eating, and get the benefit.

It would only be our own choice to make, and fully trust in God, as if we say Yes to God.

She said that it is not even about never eating again, no, no it would be the Process to make, in order to receive the Surgery on the third day, and from now on, we would be able to eat or not eat, just as our liking, since not many people can fully exclude themselves from the society, because of the Children, the Family.

Perfect it is a initiation process to fully align with God, and the Energy and Harmony.

It was the job of Jasmuheen, to be the first one, from the first World, to bring this knowledge to the world, so the children of God, can hear it and receive the blessings.

This sort of surgery was such a impressive experience, it is hard to find words. The first time I would need a rest because of feeling a bit tired and dizzy, so I lay down and just on the verge of falling asleep, I fell like I was grabbed on both sides at the arms, as if on each side someone would hold my arm. Then they pulled me out very fast, and non scary, as if I would stay there for a minute or two, and then it was finished so they returned me back. It was not a dream, but rather a daydream, where I was fully conscious. There was no pain, no fear, but as soon as they pulled me out, I felt very empty. As if the thoughts in my mind, about this and that, the future and the past and what not, had come to a halt.

I woke up and everything was fine, but this emptiness was remarkable, and it would last the whole night, since in this process we only need three hours of sleep. I never ever ever ever forget this feeling, of nothing in my mind. The only explanation I have is it would reset the whole emotional body, that makes the: I think, therefore I am. It seems necessary for then the emotional body can realign directly with the higher consciousness, which is the God Alpha Intelligence, the one created us in his same image.

Jasmuheen wrote that they will implant the Etheric Drop Of Water from the Source of Alpha, so we can receive the light. Yes this is true, but it was also a: reset purge and reboot of sort, because afterwards the old emotions of the past, were gone.

The second time I did this process, I would wait until the third day evening, for the surgery to take place, because the emptiness I would already light a candle, to prepare.

But this time in 2003, it was completely different, because the Surgery did not take place. So I thought, maybe I miscalculated or something. No nothing, means that this is a one time Surgery, for the children Of God, to receive the Etheric Drop Of Water, and purge the past, which in the last 2023 years, society was not always honor the Children Of God. As a gift it would also realign my emotional body, to the unconditional love of God.
