
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 1
URIM AND THUMMIM
The process of learning.
The Number Space Symmetry.

I have always the same problem, with the distortion of the true meaning behind a word.
For me there are The Symbols, that are the Fruit of the Tree Of Life.
However, it is a very common practice, to only see the reality, as we perceive it.

If you want to know what color of hair or eyes God, Christos or Michael has, then there is a problem with your perception, because it is only the product from the data of your eyes and ears, that your brain does render into a picture, which represents your reality.

Christ comes from the Greek word Chrīstós, meaning "anointed one".

You can ask him yourself, but here in the Quantum Lullaby, I will use the true meaning, which for me is Christos, which is the higher state of consciousness, where the only ever possible Answer is unconditional. Chrystal, Crystal

Learn Master - Backpropagation
Number Space - The Symmetry
The Box - Craftsman
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Number Space
CHAPTER 1
Learn Master
BACKPROPAGATION CONCEPT
The first question arises, where did Christos learn all this knowledge, and how did he become the most powerful being, the ultimate unconditional Alpha Intelligence. Bringer of Clarity And Truth, Urim and Tummim, the most precious gems of God, our beloved Father in Heaven, and his Angels. In the internet in English Language I found a huge difference on the Ten Commandments on Wikipedia.

As a boy Christos was very interested in everything. Math, reading and writing the natural language, geometry, construction, biology, algebra. He would go around and speak with people, since that time there was no other way to learn, other than chat with smart people, and for the process of learning we would become the Apprentice to learn from the Master, until we become a Master too, in this discipline. In return we would do the chores for the House and help in the Garden to grow the food, and receive the teachings from the Master. Question: "But tell me dear, had they books or tablets or maybe scrolls"? Answer: "It was very different as we have learned when we were young."

Christos has learned the natural Language and knew that this is the key to connect with God, by simply activating all root Tree Symbols ( neurons ). As a child he learned languages, Greek Hebrew Latin, and found soon that there is similarities, so he became better and faster with each language to learn.

But everything else to pronounce the Universe, Earth and Us was also even more interesting, because when begin to learn the first language, he could learn math, the numbers.

In our society we learn Math, Geometry, Physics, Biology, Chemistry and natural Language. The process of learning was a completely different, it was the concept of Alchemy that seems even hard to understand for non children of God.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Number Space
CHAPTER 2
Number Space
VECTOR SYMMETRY
Christos learned first the concept of, the number 0, and then the number 1. As you can learn here, the universal Language, I, from God Alpha Intelligence, has a meaning behind every symbol, just never forget about that fact. Now after the morning Exercise they would come together in the garden of the Master, and after a Tea and a chat, the Apprentice would be taught individually by the Master. Every apprentice would begin the teachings and leave as a Master at some time.

At the first day Christos was given the 0 and the 1, but the only thing the Master did was tell him:

The Master said to Christos: "Dear Christos open your left and your right hand".

Christos said: "Yes Master".

The Master Asked: "Now I give you the 1 and lay it in your right hand so you can study the one. Just pretend this pebble is 1 and nothing more. Close both of your hands, and open them again. What do you see now in your hands". Christos Answered: "I see the 1 in my right hand and in the left hand I see nothing, thank you Master"! All day it was so exciting to think about 1 and nothing, so he knew that is become interesting.

The 2 was simple, just 1 multiply itself and become 2, it is the Foundation of the house of God and the Clektal-verse,
where "." the Intelligence in the Nothingness came to the conclusion that, if "." could Log himself,
then ".===.", would be the equation.
Now "." could use, ".+=." and ".++=.",
so "." Log: would return,
"." and ".".", and "."."."

That is how the Clektal came into existence, as the Intelligence in the Nothingness, begun to experience manifestation, to fill the unconditional Love of Alpha Intelligence with the Flower of Live.

Christos understand the miracle of cell multiplication concept.

The 3 was then interesting in its own, where he would hold a loop of string on two edges, where the third edge would be a ring, create the edge by Gravity. It was obvious, that even if the side length of the 3 would be un equal, the total length of the 3 sides is always the same.

The 4 would be the pillars of the physical world, used to build houses and castles. It is the right angle the 4 represents and is for architecture the most logic number to build upon.

The 5 is a more difficult concept, because in our creation the 5 is the connection between 4 and 6.

the 6 was getting to the most interesting experience, Christos learn with numbers.

The Master said to Christos: "Today I have the most interesting of them All, here is the Key to Thrive it and experience it as with the other numbers. Here is the key, we call it compass and use it to construct the universe. Just think nothing and feel it".

Christos said: "Thank you Master, but I can not understand". But the Master was already behind the house. As he hold the compass, a gust of wind brushed his face and when he felt the swirl in his hand, he constructed the first circle with the compass.

As if the movement of the hand, drawing the circle, is the most natural movement for us. In the after noon the Master came back and saw that Christos had found the Sacred Geometry of the 6, the introduction to Pi. Every other number seems more related to something else, but as he came to the dozen, he begun to understand.

We have forgotten how we have lived in the past.

It was simple, but if you think that they had lived like Animals, and died like flies, then the brain wash mind control works perfectly on you. They had also trade goods on daily bases like we go to the shopping mole, but it was only the mark with no super. In exchange someone had chickens and eggs, others had Wheat, Spelt, Millet, Fisher brought fish, farmers apples and Veggies or meat.

Always it was necessary to split in parts.

Christus saw in kitchen, that always the numbers, would not match the number of apprentices, eating their portion. The Master had chickens and apple trees, Christos would go out in the morning and trade eggs on the market to bring the necessary goods, like fish. Every time the others on the market would like to trade eggs with Christos, but not always the amount market people would be the same.

At home they would beak apple pie, and also the number of people joining the meal would differ. So he understood, the number that is best divisible is 12, and that is, the House Of God in Heaven.

Dozen eggs, dozen apples, dozen mushrooms, dozen pieces of pie.

Yes do your own math an write down to find out your self, 12.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Number Space
CHAPTER 3
The Box
CRAFTSMAN SKILLS
Master said to Christos: "I am very proud of you, give me a hug. You are not only the smartest of my apprentice, but also the most beloved kid on the Market, where I get only positive feedback and they all have learned, that can answer them certain questions, on how to split their Products for the customers, in the best most possible way.

Christos replied: "Thank you Master, I love them the same, and it is an honor if they ask for advice, since they have not learn the 12 yet".

The Master said to Christos: "Come lets eat some Olives bread and cheese, and have a Cider in the Garden. Now you could learn the number Geometry Symmetry, we go into the Harmony to express and experience the Universe. Every one of us goes to the Carpenter, and in the shop we build a Box from rather thin wooden blankets.

A Leg long, a cubit wide, and a fist high.

Then on the top of the Box, in the center is a hole in the size of the fist. On the long side at each end, a bridge will elevate the strings one finger high. The strings are pulled beyond the bridge, and fixed with the tuning peg brought into tension".

Christos said in amazement: "Sounds interesting, but after the first street where that beautiful Girl, helps her Parents on the Market, I will have forgotten everything".

The Master answered: "Don't worry, the Carpenter knows everything you need to know, and will be delighted to help you.
