
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 2
URIM AND THUMMIM
Harmony of the Universe.
Pythagoras and the Monochord

Symmetry Vector - Harmonic Overtone
Symmetry Vector - Harmonical Octave
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Symmetry Vector
CHAPTER 1
The Fork
MONOCHORD
He has build his own like we all do and is one of us, when we are in the Garden. He already asked, when you will come, and be with us too.
Everything is prepared and will only take few days until you have all parts elaborated".
Christos went to the Carpenter, because he knew where the House is and after two days arrived at the Carpenters house.
It was very interesting to learn, how use construction on wood, with length, angle, space and this, done by use the compass.
The tools also, were made of beauty, and for the different tasks, the Carpenter had always the right tool, to solve the problem of physics in perfection.

Christos said to the Carpenter: "It was very very very interesting to learn and use the right tool, in the right manner, and bring the numbers into geometry shape.
Thank you Master".

The Carpenter replied: "I am impressed by your Intelligence my dear Christos, we are all very proud of you.
From all the boys around, you are the most outstanding of them all".
They gave each other a hug, and Christos went home with the new Instrument.
In the Garden they had a warming welcome and a good tea.
The roads where dusty and after a voyage by foot, we would wash the face and the feet.

Christos could not wait and was excited to use the new Instrument he build and asked the Master: "Tell me dear, how do I use it"?

The Master Answered: "Now you can tune all strings to the Fork".

Christos asked: "What is the Fork, I can not understand?"

The Master replied: "It is a Metal Fork, with 2 tines, let me bring it here, then you can prepare it and use it".
He came back with the tuning fork which had a rather small size, more of a finger, but twice its length in total.
The Master sat down and hit the stone table, then he touched the body of the Box, and the sound went notable more loud and audible as without the body of the Box.

He said to Christos: "Now it becomes easy to tune a specific string.
First I hit the Table, then I touch the box and when the tone is inside box, I hit the String to tune.
Now when getting close to the Frequency of the Fork, then something very very very special happen".
Christos hit the fork and tuned the first string, and could hear clearly what the Master mean with that.
And said to the Master: "Oh the Frequency beating comes to a halt, and then it is in tune! I did not know that.
But now I can not see the purpose of the Instrument, if all strings have the same tune and Frequency".

The Master Answered: "I will bring the missing parts to it, and need to use the toilet anyway, while you can tune all strings".

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Symmetry Vector
CHAPTER 2
Harmony Symmetry Vector
OCTAVE
The Master came back with a good Tea and a small bag, and the Box was in tune.
He begin explaining: "The Strings on the Box will be used with all strings in the same frequency, but a higher harmonic Overtone.
Therefore we named it Monochord.

It is the connection that makes the concept of creation audible, where the Geometry, make it visible and is the True Name and connection to the Number
Here is your bag with little bridges to use the Monochord. Since this is the most important part besides the tuning peg.
For the precision, Master Carpenter shaped a straight branch of good quality wood, in a triangular shape instead of round.
Then he cut equal length pieces, a whole bunch of them.

When we begin experience the universe, we begin always with one String and experience the Frequency of the tuning Fork.
Now we use a bridge to divide a second string, from its base number, until we find a ratio that is harmonious to the base frequency.
Think of the tuning Fork, is the fundamental Frequency tone, of the multiples we create.

By shifting the bridge slightly, we find that the same concept, applies to the harmonic Overtone, where we can use the beat Frequency, that indicate the tune and direction of the tuning process".

Christos replied: "It could not get more interesting, but I can not see the big picture yet, so I start with a 2"

So he placed the bridge in the middle of the instrument, to divide the string and its Frequency by 2.

Christos said: "Its the same as when Women singing, higher as the Men, It is the Octave they say.
That is interesting and sounds straight also thick, solid like the mixed Choir in the Temple".
The Master said: "Oh yea that is true, now you have the holy Octave, which is the final Product of the Creation in the Universe. From now on I want you to always remember, that the Octave is the final Product containing the whole Universe".

Christos wondered what would comes next and placed a third bridge, to experience the next harmonic Overtone, and said to the Master:
"the 3 would be exciting, imagine the opposite but matching concept to the 2".

After tuning he pull the three strings and said to the Master:
"That sounds different, more rich than only the octave, even if I use only the 3 on the fundamental".

The Master Answered: "I am delighted you are learning fast, other would begin with the 6, since they could not wait to experience the 6.

Christos went set up the next string, to experience the number, and found that not all are really useful or pleasant.
