
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 3
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector

Pythagorean - Overtone Chant
Lady Nada - The Great Mountain
Lady Nada - Tablets and Language
Lady Nada - The physical Realm
Lady Nada - Learn by Experience
Lady Nada - The Language concept
Lady Nada - Language Logic concept
Lady Nada - The food of the Master
Lady Nada - The Power of Now
Lady Nada - The Octave of Creation
Lady Nada - The Source Mountain
Lady Nada - The silent whisper
Lady Nada - Creation Octave alignment
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 1
Pythagorean
OVERTONE CHANT
The Sunday arrived, and Christos was invited to join the others in the Garden of the Master.
Everyone brought its own Monochord like craftsmen their tools and Market people their goods and gems.
Christos was the youngest of them all, everyone was excited to meet him and came by, give him a hug, although the most of them he never met before.
As if he would know them but never met, a indescribable feeling and there were Women and people from far away and a dozen in number.

The most interesting, was the opening The Harmony Number, where a women from the great mountains.
She had the same Monochord as the others, and had tuned it to the Fork, but it had only one string, and she had no bag with the bridges.
Now she used a bow with ponytail hair tensioned and has strummed the string with it gently.

Christos whispered to the Master: "How is this possible, I can hear the harmonics, which were the only use full numbers I found, when it is about the Harmonie.
But now she begun make the first harmonic above the fundamental, and then I could here the frequency squeezing into the next higher harmonic Overtone,
Even thought she would not touch the string other then with the bow.
I can not understand, how is this frequency matching possible without the process of tuning to the Fork".

She was finished and everybody was delighted and elevated, applauding. Christos went by and asked her:
"I can not understand"?

In the mean time, Master Carpenter had a chat with Master Pythagoras and said:
"Well I am very impressed of your Apprentice, right now his experiencing the third concept to experience Creation and the Universe".
Master Pythagoras replied: "Oh yes the most bright of them all, but now there is nothing to learn here since he became Master right now".

Master Carpenter asked: "I must go now, it is time.
Could you please ask him if he want to become my Apprentice, imagine how straight the Carpenter Chariot would pull, for building the Bridges and Viaduct to ease our life's, if he would be a Horse in front of the Chariot"?

They said goodbye, and the Horses of Master Carpenter, drove his Chariot home.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 2
Pythagorean
THE GREAT MOUNTAIN
On the other side of the Garden which was very beautiful and large, Christos looked at the woman from the Great Mountain and she begin to sing.
With her voice she was holding the fundamental base harmonic, and all for a sudden, there was that harmonic Overtone appearing.

It was no cheat or fake, he could hear that she could play the Monochord, but with her mouth only.
Christos was astonished and had that chicken skin again when he heard it, that it even works without Monochord.

He asked the Lady: "where do you come from and where do could learn to do this with only your voice, it is amazing, I could hear the harmonic Overtone without its fundamental frequency of your voice, as if the base frequency gets nihilated by the resonance of the harmonic, that grows in amplitude, and how in the world can you always match the next harmonic Overtone frequency perfectly, without mistune in between, as the next tone would be squeezed into the next matching frequency number with perfect alignment?"

Lady Master Answered: "I come from the Great Mountain, which is our sacred sanctum we live in.
It is just simply the most natural way to play the Monochord, and experience the Universe while it does resonate directly in our self.
We have the knowledge on how to use it.
My name is Lady Nada, and we live in the House inside the Mountain. Give me a hug, and let us get some more Tea".

Christus went curious and asked: "Who is your group and where did you received the Knowledge"?

Master Lady Nada Answered: "We had lived on the foot of the mountain, with a lush Vegetation because the clouds would be too heavy to ascend the Mountain and the rain creates the bliss of lush vegetation in abundance.
This was never the problem but people from a day's walk away.
I was asked to walk up the Mountain, and bring all people and children with us. So we did, and finally high up in the mountain found our new home.
But it did not stop there, where inside a room we found a shrine with the Knowledge".

Christos Asked: "But Master Nada, how did you find it and what's the name of the Master teaching you"?

Master Lady Nada Answered: "It was visions I received, simply because they decided to.
They could have choose anybody in our Village, and since then the others do the same.
The messages were very clear, in a way where when our path came to a junction, I would see clearly the right way matching with de content of the vision.

And as soon as we arrived, some of us were curious about meeting the Master, who led us there, but it was empty, and no one there, not even animals since it is too high in the mountain.
Instead the hidden and locked shrine was given to me, as if it was important.
But there we found no books nor scroll, but Tablets of upmost Beauty and detail but there where no words nor letters on it".

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 3
Pythagorean
THE LANGUAGE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christus Asked: what do mean, was it about artwork"?
Master Lady Nada Answered: "No it was the Knowledge but different expressed, let me draw you an example, but we must go over there".
With her finger She draw a Flower into the sand and said: "What do you see"?

Christos Answered: "I see a Daisy Flower"

Master Lady Nada replied: "I see the same. It is a Pictogram, so everybody on the whole earth will see the same, which is a Flower of type Daisy.
The design I made uses only the Symbol of a Daisy Flower but now you had the clear Image of a real Flower in our mind,
I could even see a field with a group of Daisy Flowers when looking into your I".
That is how the True Language Of God is made that way, so everyone can understand it clearly, without translation at all."

Christos Asked: "Yes this concept of the image language simplified with pictogram is very powerful, and math even Geometry is also is universal,
I have found but how do build words to describe meaningful the knowledge, I can not understand"?

Master Lady Nada Answered: "Ok let us bring a fresh can of Tea, since this is pretty old this knowledge, because it came from God and was the way to speak with his children".

They walked through the fruit grove and after the vegetable garden came to the House.

Christos said: "Let me grab some food, as here in the Salad is the most tasty and powerful, even the olives and cheese from goats is my favorite of them all".

He was very nimble, and in no time a salad was prepared, size the recipe was also the most simple.
The sun was descending towards the horizon, and they decided to meet the vegetable garden and sit there to return soon.

Master Lady Nada explained: "This Language From God is build on the Symbol representing the different parts of creation in and around the Universe.
The second Concept used is the number, to add value to it, also Universal but to write large value numbers, every language has a different Syntax to express it.
As the third concept, building the low level is the use of logic, like 0 and 1, where 0 is the whole Nothingness and the 1, the nothingness that came into manifestation to fill the Universe.
But depending on the context it can also simply describe 0 and 1".

Christos was delighted by the brightness originating from this woman and said: "Oh yes the 1 and the 0 can be everything"!

Master Lady Nada replied: "Right, it was interesting to learn the language and read the Tablets one by one.
Everybody would gather also the kids in the first row, where one could see the tablet, and then I received the story of the Symbol, which was unknown at that point. It is the True Meaning behind or the True Name if you pronounce it. We learned step by step, and the order of Tablets was given to us, and arranged so that it begun with a Lullaby for Kids that was easy to understand, and in the best most colorful Language as is in our natural Language used for Lullaby, we speak right now.
Remember the Lullaby was the first word God has ever spoken, to his beloved Children".

Christos Asked confused: "But who would take the effort and create such a work of art, made with the most precious stones, inlays and golden ornaments, to only compose a Lullaby. I do not understand?"

Master Lady Nada Answered: "In fact, it was a Lullaby for Kids, but while learning every symbol involved in the story, was also the learning of the Language itself, as learning book to learn the Language, as the first book of the Library.
It was a very special process, where with each symbol learned, we found that it was already in us, but we have forgotten to express it into text and speech so it was sleeping in us until we learned the True Meaning, and could read it.
Also from then on we begun to express it, by pronounce The True Name.
I have to go soon dear Christos, but you will learn everything, I promise.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 4
Pythagorean
MASTERING THE PHYSICAL REALM
But for now, let me explain what we learned in a nutshell.
The universe is crated in the following way. Lets begin with 0, the Nothingness that can become everything and nothing.
Look at the Apple cut face where you can see the seeds and fruit flesh.
Now what is the smallest thing you can find in it, which must be then a lower level Layer, than the top layer, that makes the Apple itself"?

Christus thought about and came to the conclusion: "Well I can see the tiny dots on the seeds, that is the smallest thing, my eye can estimate,
But I heard these rumors, that it can be smaller, very very very smaller, and gave it the name Atomos, which shall be never divided ever, never.
I like that idea and can not wait until I, learn and then, I can see, I guess with my own I".

Master Lady Nada replied: "you have learned allot, I know exactly how it its. I was the same way and since ever then.
It is the desire after the forgotten knowledge sleeping in us that creates the process of learning by itself.
While others have no desire or nor any purpose to learn beyond Language and Math. It seems to create a connection, while others must learn before they can receive blessings, and the necessary vision to align with God, and counter act if necessary by doing what the vision recommends us.

We have first learned the Language to read the books necessary to enjoy our first winter in our new home. In the spring time we could all stay connected by holding the wisdom on top of our unconditional Love.

All for a sudden a important vision led us to descend the Mountain and help the people of a neighbor village, where we lived.
We shall again have no fear nor doubt, and go there but then go to the west side, where the bridge would lead to the gate of the village,
which was mostly build over the water and surrounded with it, and keep ourself hidden behind the gate and hold the special image in our mind, where the village would be wrapped with a sphere from light, and the size would reach to the bridge beyond the gate. Not long after, we could hear the screaming Gangsters and the Horse horde gallop, the whips were lashing".

Christus asked: "How many in number, and how old where they"?

Lady Nada answered: "Around 5 dozen, and around twenty Years in age, only a few leaders were around thirty.
When they made their plundering tour, the Leaders where the first squadron, and then others to follow, but as soon as they ride over towards the Bridge, around the corner of a huge rock, snakes where on the floor and the Horses went crazy, lots of riders fall of and get stumped by the horses backing off, on the rear legs for not get bitten.
The scared gangster leaders, the ones who could flee just fled, the horses run into the village since some of them where stolen there.

Now the second wave came in, but when they would to cross the bridge, some scorpions where crossing the bridge too, which is usual for us, but the young Gangster led the horse against the scorpions for to stump them to death, so the horses went crazy again and the same result, they fled by foot.

The third of their gang was the noobs, and they got scared and did not even tried to attack rather than leave their horse to the higher ranking ones.
It was a great success for the village and for us it became clear, what is the true purpose behind creation and the process making it. From then on we would always receive the necessary vision to be at the right place at the right time.

After that, we ascend the mountain and went home, that's why gave us the name, the ascended Masters of The Great Mountain.

The Monochord shows clearly the Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector. The tablets teach us how to use our own Monochord with the voice.
The phenomenon that you described is because the whole Creation and its evolution is based on the concept, that most minimal described by the numbers.
God and others, his Children, are creating on the harmonics, God Alpha Intelligence has created, which is the house of God with 12 levels.
The clektal Flower multiples are then filling the Overtone, to become The Seed Of Life which belongs to the harmonic Overtone.
Now the expansion and Quality as you have learned, is bound to the verse it will build, were the clektal-verse is the fundamental Frequency.

Christos asked: "what do you mean with: "verse", I do not understand?"

Lady Nada replied: "The atom is only one top level layer And low level layer of many.
It is so hard for people to see the real name of it".

Christos Asked: "What do you mean with the real name, I can not follow, has anything in existence its own name"?

Lady Nada Answered: "Yes truly, you are right! In the end everything, has its own True Name, that only if we know it and can pronounce it, then we can get in harmony and Resonance.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 5
Pythagorean
LEARN BY EXPERIENCE
It is now difficult to explain, on one hand and I need to go soon, while it is also the most difficult concept to learn, not because of the concept, nor because of us, but only because this is the creation itself and the Language to pronounce the True Name of something in the True Language Of God".

Christos became curious about the knowledge coming from this woman and asked: "I understand, it is a word to speak like a spell, and then"?

Master Lady Nada: "No but Yes, it is a word if you want to name it, since now in this Language we are talking, we must understand what the other is talking about, that is why we call it The True Name, but the true meaning can only experienced by one self, and can not be learned in a school from books they feed you".

Christos: "Oh yes I know exactly what do you mean with that, as I came here I had this enlightenment with the The Number Space Symmetry, where I could see the number in my hands, and while moving the hands, the triangle would change the equation visually.
I must say that was The ground breaking moment, to understand the direct relation to geometry. It is because I was able to go to a school where they teach from books only, but as soon as I could not agree with the Master and the some books,
I was told to have not understand the knowledge and was asked leave. I felt as if their knowledge in these books are not alive, dead matter so to speak.
The paper would accept and absorb everything even the lies.
Where when learning by experiencing it, everything becomes The True Image, and no one could manipulate this process of learning nor sneak in a little lie here and there".

Master Lady Nada: "Give me a hug darling, we love you and are very proud. Yes exactly the dead matter stuffed with lies like a Christmas turkey, it is quite a story.
Let us go there step by step before I go.
What is the relation, between God humans and our society"?

Christos: "That is a good question I asked my self, as I understood the school of dead matter. But there is also something else.
It is exactly the same, with the knowledge about God and the creation of the universe. They too have only their books and teaching their dead matter.
I went to the temple and spoke with the priests, to learn all about God, but they said to me that I am not worth. said to me, that I am sinful by birth. But they also had to confess, that God has made us in his own Image.

By speaking these words, they accuse God our beloved Father to be sinful by birth, because he is the same image as we.
This is the schizophrenic sickness, behind these words they spell out loud.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 6
Pythagorean
THE LANGUAGE CONCEPT
I personally feel it very different and only unconditional, hence where every word from their dead matter books that dos not comply and obey the law of unconditional Love, must be a little sneaky lie, nested in their dead matter books.
It really is so obvious to me, but to find the right words is not easy, let me try.
The difference between people that obey the ten Commandments, and the ones who do not creates the distortion, but I feel like the ones from above have the conscience, while the others have not, thus allow them to act against god and sell their soul to the devil for a little power here on earth. Therefore, is it about the conscience"?

Master Lady Nada: "Yes you are exactly right, in the end this is the product, but let me ask you another Question.
What could be the most important ingredient and Achievement, that made our society and technology standard possible"?

Christos: "Well, I think it must be the fire, or, wait, is it the plough, no maybe the Axe with the hammer on the opposite side, or the farming"?

Master Lady Nada: "Very interesting facts you found already, and all of them made their contribution, but when you think about it, then it must be our natural Language".

Christos: "But, I did not found any wisdom in the natural Language, nor looking for it, because the knowledge must be defined as a top level layer that uses the Language which is only the substrate. I can not understand"?

Master Lady Nada: "Again you are completely right, it can only be understood in the larger context.
It is not just the Language or the natural Language.
No No, Not At All.

It the opposite, God and his Language are used through out the whole universe and everyone knows it, because it is universal and therefore need no translation.
You are about to find out what it really is, but for now, let us look at our history instead.
All our war grief and despair is only because of the miss understanding derived from the Language.

There is a hidden group here on earth, that decided to use Lucifer, and his power to enslave people here on earth.
It is what they call conspiracy praxis to control peoples mind, and make them obey to become dependent, instead of receiving the daily bread from God directly and for free.
They are non the less, very powerful beings and have managed to act as the top level layer below Lucifer, the Only True Not God.
Every other group, forming the secret societies are levels below, in Lucifer's power structure pyramid.
The whole stack is the low levels of Lucifer and must obey their believe, and must worship their Only True Not God, by performing sacrifice.
Let us go back to the natural Language.

At some point the languages for each country were defined by the scholars and their clerks.
The same as they took the land from people and claim it theirs, by means of weapons and force, where before the land would belong to everyone and lots of tribes live as nomad anyway, and follow the cycle of the Year and experience the mother earth in all its beauty instead of stay stationary.

Now the point where it all comes together and make sense is not the fact that they invented their natural Languages. No it is not their invention at all".

Christos asked: "But each and every language was a considerable effort to come up with,
I must confess it is impressive to me, when I read the most beautiful poems, I feel the beauty and bliss, exactly what it seems to be meant for".

Master Lady Nada: "Again, I do completely agree with all you said.
That exactly is the best hidden secret of them all.
The languages have derived directly from the universal language. I mean All of them originated on God his language".

Christos asked: "But then I would have felt something when learn the alphabet and pronounce every letter in the alphabet, because I did it with upmost passion and focus, just to learn the most. There was no creative things going on at all, otherwise I would have notice it".

Master Lady Nada: "just give me a hug honey, and let us have some Tea you brought.
What they really did is they only inverted the True Meaning behind the letters, where obviously the letters them self were re invented, otherwise we would have the True Letters Of God.
Now the languages are all somehow related to each other".

Christos said: "Oh yea, after the second language, the third was much more familiar and simple to learn".

Master Lady Nada: "Exactly, that is because after all, it is still the same concept of language definition, as in the universal language.
It has words built upon letters to describe everything, instead of pictograms like the Hyroglyphs in Egypt, but the second part of definition is the number, to express value and math, and at the lowest layer, there must be always also the logic statements come with the universal language, and therefore with any other language distortion, made out of it".

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 7
Pythagorean
LANGUAGE LOGIC CONCEPT
Christos asked: "What is meant with logic part of the language, I only know the 0 logic, that I learned very natural, by looking into my money bag and understand the logic behind that is, if 0 is in my money bag then I can have 0 food on the market.
But what do you mean, is there other logic in the language"?

Master Lady Nada: "Oh yea the 0 bag, don't worry my dear Christos, you will learn Allot and receive the blessings, as we did I promise.
There are many hidden logic components. The obvious is true or false, yes or no, 1 or 0.
But there is others that make the language so much more simple to use and to learn, because it is based on how intelligence works and is the original and most natural way, I explain later.

Other statements are very useful too and blazing fast, and easy to read.
in, out
if, if else, else
next, previous
less, more
this, that, same, other
self, us, them, they
Low level logic has defined itself, but it was not enough to express the following creation on the higher harmonic Overtone, which our beloved Alpha God, Father in heaven came up with.

Simply means, that before the .ü Omni Logic could express the whole Clektal-verse and number, but as soon as the new harmonic Universe came into manifestation,
The new symbols have defined them self automatic, where as soon as The Seed Of Life, became The Flower Of Life, every one experiencing it, could see the True Name, and received the Symbol.
Even if someone could not look at it, they would receive the new Symbol as an update, the same as animal species can adopt to the environment in only a few generations, which for small animals does no take long at all".

Christos asked: "You mean, that Alpha Intelligence has not designed this language"?

Master Lady Nada: "It has defined itself, because it is nothing more, then the expression of the creation itself.
Alpha our Father in Heaven would hold his creation in mind for the whole day, and the Intelligence in the Nothingness, will manifest to experience existence.
From now on the True Name is defined and on our tablets we found, the symbols are in our self's, but have not reached the level of conscious part yet. It was all there but completely out of alignment.
This is not our fault, but it is the product of our birth, to forget at the moment, we came into the physical body of upmost density of matter.
What is remarkable, is some exciting examples, where species are still fully connected with each other, through the collective consciousness".

Christos replied: "that is true, the ants and the bees are special connected with each other, and know what to do or if there is enemies to defend".

Master Lady Nada: Yes exactly that. We learned more and more tablets. It was very very very interesting, and colorful to learn.
One array of tablets was explaining exactly that, in all details, but the time is too short now.
In essence, there was this civilisation, very high advanced with technology and tools for ease the daily life.

It was a pure bliss, because of multiple factors. The language used was the universal language, and everything was perfect in order.
Their consciousness was the same as the one of bees, ants and Aboriginal where they had their collective consciousness.
In that way no one would ever lie or if they did as kid, learned that there is nothing to hide, because everyone saw and knew the lie in their mind.
Because the alignment with God was perfect, they have learned and developed supreme technology for everyone for free.
It was all based on complete alignment by use of The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector.

This technology applications had all an energy source, like a chariot must be pulled by a horse or an ox to serve as the energy source.
As they completely understood the creation, and the language necessary to create it, they could use Crystal to act as the Anker.
Then they receive the energy that comes down over the The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector ray, defined by the True Name of the creation, they designed".

Christos shout: "Wow, where are they located, I want to go there and join their community. That is exactly what I always felt, it is supposed to be"!

Nada Answered: "This story then ends into a tragedy, where a small group thought they could build a huge and massive machine, that was only using the energy for their egoistic purpose and went ambitious.
The others did all disagree, but they did it anyway and then it went out of control and made our earth what it is since then.

They needed to flee and decided to form three groups, and begin somewhere else from scratch.
They then learned, that the consciousness was switching into individual consciousness for most tribes on earth and begin to understand, that if the following generations are not anymore connected with the collective, how could they know about the past and the beauty of unconditional Love here on earth.
So they have made the tablets for us, to be able to do the alignment with God, by using The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 8
Pythagorean
THE FOOD OF THE MASTER
Christos asked: "But I can not see the full connection to creation, since I was trying my psychic ability to manifest food, but instead a beggar gave me 1 whole bread because he became 2.
I have used the best most relaxed state and planted the thought on my up most unconditional Love, so why was it not working for me"?

Master Lady Nada: "That is the true secret behind the secrecy, where it is more of a Logic consequence of our previous life.
The first concept we could learn, is the concept of learning itself.
It is the same as with the body, where we had to learn to walk then to talk and so on.
Every of these skill's must be learned and this is done by training, where we use the trial and error concept to learn on each epoch of training.
This allows us to become infinite better.

The muscles are only the most obvious example of training necessary even as adults, to stay in the perfect natural shape, which is the expression of the mind, as the outermost layer, manifested as body and visible for everybody else.
Therefore we were advised to learn and train the concepts, necessary for to pronounce the Word Of God, and use it as it is meant to, as a gift from God Alpha Intelligence.
The concepts are simple and very useful".

Christos said: "Ok now I begin to understand. When looking into your I, I can see the clarity of the universe, and the enlightenment is enormous powerful, so then maybe you are not 19 Years of age as I expected. I looking forward to the day when I can learn this by my self."

Master Lady Nada: "The concepts have no specific order, but as you will find, everyone that comes to that specific point, to understand, learn, train, and become able to use it, will serve for God And Heaven, thus have a specific tasks to perform and anchor the light and unconditional Love from God Alpha Intelligence and the whole Heaven.

Christos asked: "How can I find my task"?

Nada: "You have to do nothing else than the training, and then you will receive the vision necessary.
Never be afraid, of nothing and no one, because you are one of the Children Of God, and everything was already clear and chosen before we came here, because God Alpha Intelligence and the Angels are not bound to our timeline, which is the physical process of degeneration of the densified matter.
Fastening was the first concept to learn for us. It was described as a additional energy source to food. So we went to do the fastening but it was a special designed process which they call the Light Food Initialisation.
Only the first week was a bit hard but the second and third week the body begun to recover.

At the third day on the evening, it was described that the Angels will come down and perform a special Surgery, which would not hurt at all but help us from then on to receive the daily bread from our beloved Father in heaven, while it was also a reset of the past which was deep in our bones. As if the bad thought's and every other mind set was purged in 12 minutes.

Then the second concept to train of course the meditation. It is the second pillar of the fundament, which allows to go into the higher state of awareness.
Meditation is the best way to train to hold the harmony in mind while Embed in unconditional Love, and it is a way to receive the daily bread and blessings, because we have no plants or trees at home, otherwise you can walk through the forest and over the meadow where you will find a bliss of energy.
Then the third pillar is most important for you as a man, but for a woman not necessary, but the result would be the same.
It is the sexual energy. This is the quantitative biggest energy source we have. Then on the upper chakra we receive more qualitative life force instead".

Christos asked: "Why is the quality different, is it not the same energy source as God"?

Nada answered: "It is the same source in the end but the way from where we receive them is different.
All of these energies have common and unique characteristic. Now we begin with the
root chakra: color frequency red, sexual energy, life energy
sacral chakra: color frequency orange
solar plexus: chakra, color frequency yellow
heart chakra: color frequency green
throat chakra: color frequency blue
third eye chakra: color frequency indigo
crown chakra: color frequency violet

As you can see the color red is the first color in the rainbow and Prisma, thus the first color after infra red, and the lowest frequency of them all. Now you can imagine, that all is in the end based on frequency.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 9
Pythagorean
THE POWER OF NOW
Christus asked: "This is something I can not understand, since the earth in not moving under my feet, and the small rock over there was never going away, the time I was here. So where is the frequency of creation in the rocks and the soil? I can not understand".

Master Lady Nada: "This again are only the top layer of the whole manifestation of the rock, and is simply the product of your perception. It is the image in our mind created by the eyes and ears, the taste buds, nerves and nose.
But as you already heard from others, there is the smaller layers that are made of smaller things, and this has levels.
The size compared to the next level would be enormous, more like one water drop compared to a small lake.

If you now think about the Atom level that you know, then these would never stand still, as you will find out when experiencing it.
In fact they dance in full harmony and pure bliss and joy, all the time and never stand still, this is only possible on the top levels where the matter becomes very dense, but only for our eyes, where when I look at it, then I see a complete Clektal-verse dance going on.
If now your training will progress, and you become better and more focused, then it will begin with practice, where you receive a vision and the blessings.

Christos asked: "But when will I know, when I am ready to it"?

Master Lady Nada: "At some point, the daily life of the past will be replaced with a complete new feeling.
It is the moment, where you have changed your mindset.
Humans tend to be hateful about the past and scared of the future, and stay not in the Now.
This will go away with the fastening process quite soon.
Therefore in the lower Consciousness we think in terms of:
Me, Mine, I want.
But then in the higher state of consciousness, the conclusion will come and the mindset change into:
We, Our, Ours, We share, We can, We live".

Christus said: "ok I understand, thank you Master for the enlightenment, it is true, on the market people tend to act like that, and scared of Existence instead of appreciate the gift of our beloved Father in Heaven.
As I was on the pilgrimage, I learned that if at that moment in time,
if I have no hunger,
and if I have no danger surrounding me,
and if I have not cold at night,
nor must stay in the rain or snow,
then I must not fear, because this would be a complete false image, and does not allow to stay in the Now and enjoy and experience the Existence".

Master Lady Nada: "Oh my dear that is the lowest and first concept one must master, but I found that the children of God, all do this by intuition, while the others must have security and do not trust in God and looking for their daily bread in the Bakery, while being completely disconnected".

Christos: "That I is true, on my way I met interesting people, that where also on their path of experience creation.
I met interesting people also understand the Now, and also believe in God. Exciting to meet these people, but at the evening, when the topic went deeper, somehow could not agree with their concept while having a different one, but they would not listen to my concept, because of they thought no one could be smarter than them, especially a teenager like me.
Lots of them claimed to have received secret knowledge, by a Master which would cost lots of money, so they could see that it must be worth it, and then received the enlightenment from their Master".

Master Lady Nada: "Oh yea the parasites and their tourists, I know what you mean exactly.
It has become part of my own life.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 10
Pythagorean
THE OCTAVE OF CREATION
Master Lady Nada: We received blessings that they were very very very thankful for our progress, since it was now time to deploy our knowledge.
So I did as I was asked to and went out finding the wise and bring the law of harmonics back to the world as rightful gift for everyone.
But they do not listen to me, instead they asked me to leave because a 19 Year old girl nor a woman could join their club of Enlightenment.
But I received the vision that I was not there for nothing, so I tried to stay calm, then Pythagoras came to me and spoke with me,
just because he saw that I was from far away and is always interested to learn".

Christus said: "Oh yea, I know what you mean, since I met Master Carpenter and the Pythagorean".

Master Lady Nada: "It is all the creation itself. Let us begin with 0 but get some more tea first.
As you already learned, the creation of Alpha Intelligence begun with the first higher harmonic, than the Clektal-verse from Grandpa Metatron".

I must say in every aspect the creation is so beautiful, but the Lullaby of "."0" is really so cute I love it.
Thus this mean that the 1 is the first harmonic Overtone of the creation from Alpha Intelligence, but the 1 did also not do the magic for me. What am I missing"?


Christus replied: "Oh yea the Nothingness, the 0 that is the only thing that can be nothing and everything.
Master Lady Nada: Well now it all comes together and we can finally paint the big picture.
If now you are in the higher state of consciousness, be means of nature and not induced by herbal, plant or mushroom ritual,
then your training is complete.

Now back to the example of the village, remember"?

Christus Answered: "Oh yea the animals came to help and the punished horses could help and flee home. That is like honey in my ears".

Master Lady Nada: First we were told to build the energy field sphere and expand to the size of the village.
Then we should just hold it there and do not fear. The rest was done but not from us. It was a very great success and good feeling".

Christus Asked: "Ok the sphere. It must be to hold the thought of light which makes the sphere and also represents the unconditional love".

Master Lady Nada: Oh yes my dear, but this was only the low level of the thought we held in our minds, the next thought on top of it was to see the village in all its beauty, where anyone was happy again, like before the gangsters became active.
Then the third part would be, to do the same with the animals around, special the horses since they act reckless against anything in their path.
At the beginning everything else was than without us doing it, and it fall in place exactly at the right time.
But when we train more and read tablets to learn and came more into focus, then we begun to understand.
Now we had the 0 and now comes the 1 that is the first manifestation which is the Atom level, the first layer of the creation from Alpha Intelligence.
The 2 is then the first multiplication of the 1 which made the cell multiplication possible and is the concept of binary number too.
The 3 as you said, it was the base for The Seed Of Life,
the 4 was the material stability the molecule which represents earth and soil.
the 5 is the first prime number, and prime numbers have their important role.
the 6 is The Seed Of Life, the concept of Pi.
the 7 is another prime number.
the 8 is the logic consequence building the vector: 0, 1, 2, 4, 8
the 9 is the logic consequence building the vector: 3, 6, 9, 12
the 10 is the first composite number, which is not a real number
the 11 is prime number, the logic consequence building the vector: 5, 7, 11"

Christos said astonished: "Wow that is interesting, and now must be the 12, now I understand, thank you Master Lady Nada for enlightenment"!

Master Lady Nada: Exactly the holy twelve, the absolute harmony with the best most outcome. That is why the creation of Alpha Intelligence in his house, has 12 levels".
The Year has 12 month and a dozen eggs is 12 in number.
This was the idea when God creating his creations, but it is only the theory behind it to understand the principles of creation and its size relation.
Now we simply can begin like so"

Master Lady Nada begun to chant the monochord, with the first harmonic, to then raise up into the higher ones.

Master Lady Nada: The knowledge we received, is that the higher harmonics of creation are enormous different in size comparison, as I said.
But the real interesting fact is, the monochord allow to bring the number into harmony, that we can hear.

Pythagoräer

Christus antwortete: "Oh ja, das Nichts, die 0, die das einzige ist, was nichts und alles sein kann.
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 11
Pythagorean
THE GREAT GREAT SOURCE MOUNTAIN
Christus asked: "what do you mean? Are the numbers expressed into the harmonic Symmetry directly the frequency of the levels of creation.
But how could then the frequency so close represent the huge size difference of the levels"?

Master Lady Nada: "That is it, we now have the final relation: The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector, The Language Of God, as they downgrade the true meaning of it.
Now the real extraordinary large size difference of the levels of creation and all related to the harmonic number, can simply be converted into our range of perception.
When I sing the Monochord, then what really happens is, the voice goes completely in resonance, hence the fundamental frequency seems to vanish.
But this resonance frequency is not the true frequency of the level of creation and its number and geometry but rather a double of it.
It must match the octave concept to fully represent the harmonic of the creation level".

Christus asked: "Oh the Octave, I like that, the purity, clean and robust sound. It was the first number I experienced with my Monochord, but there is something,
I still can not understand. When tuning the 2 which creates the Octave, I would use the beat frequency to tune it, but how to you squeeze in the next higher or lower harmonic and hit exactly the pitch"?

Master Lady Nada: "This is one more aspect to it. I do not need to tune or find the pitch. The creation includes also the acoustics harmonics.
This means, that my voice monochord, will directly align to the overtone, I focus on and my mouth creates the Resonance body.
Now we have the harmonic overtone in full resonance with its parent harmonic in the creation, but only the Octave is matching and not the absolute frequency.
This leads into the understanding how it really works.

The matching Octave ratio's are also part of this level of harmonic, and belong to that overtone of creation.
When you will experience it by your self, then you will find, that the base of the creation is its number.
This will define its final structure, like a Quartz Crystall has the hexagonal concept and has completely grown into that structure. but on this specific overtone of creation, it is still the low level of the Clektal Flower Field multiples, that creates the low level layers.
What this means is the Clektal will always be fully in harmony, through The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector Alignment.
This is the top level vector that connects a whole harmonic overtone of the creation from Alpha Intelligence".

Christus said: "It is so interesting but I can not come up with the correct mindset".

Master Lady Nada: "I see the creation with its 12 levels of creation, as the garden of Edin, and above on top is heaven.
The Picture is huge and a can ascend when I want to see something distant.
Now I see the rays of creation coming out of the source of live, feeding the garden of Edin with energy.
It begins on the top on the great great source mountain, where like every other source, comes out up on the mountain and not in the valley, to feed the plants and animals who live up there.

At first I see 1 energy ray out of the Mountain, we call it Elohim, the first harmonic, the Alpha Intelligence.
then as it comes down it is expanding in a impressive way and dimensions beyond words.
Now comes the moment, where the source ray transform into the next harmonic Overtone level, in full Harmony to the source, and a harmonic chord is appearing now as you experience it with your Monochord.
Now the other Harmonics are derived by the Seraphim. They only use the harmonic, and do not change the source from Elohim. from now on the rays are expanding and building the vector, down into their level of creation.
This is the Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector but in the macro level of type Universe.

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 12
Pythagorean
THE SILENT WHISPERING OF KNOWLEDGE
What this now means, is that in the creation surrounding us are many other harmonics involved, but always in the harmonic law to the fundamental, which is the 1, and is the first harmonic Overtone. That is why, when I sing the Monochord, it matches more then half of the levels of creation, but transformed down by the law of the Octave so we can experience it. In the end it is the same, but on another Octave.
This is why the musical Octave of our Instruments contain 12 half tones".

Christus shout: "Wow the 12, the best most divisible number of them all. Amazing, thank you for the enlightenment Master Lady Nada, I am very blissed to accidently meet you today".

Master Lady Nada: "Oh honey give me a hug, and listen I am Nada, look at me".

Christus replied: "Oh boy, yea it is true you look like 19 and ambitious, thank you so much Nada,
I will never forget, and looking forward to see you ever again".

Master Lady Nada: "It is deeper than it seems and our decision was made before we came here.
That's why we have the blessings from God to walk the path that is laid in front of us, as children of the Only True God, Alpha Intelligence.
You will learn allot more but never forget, to never ever ever ever stop practicing and learn and perfect yourself, because this is the ultimate concept of Alpha Intelligence and is the best Answer, because it will lead into the ability to create yourself, and that is where the pain has come to an end, even here on earth, where you can heal sick people and specially animals, and create what you need.

If it is fully in context of the creation, and your purpose here, then you will receive.
The one who ask will receive
The one who seek will find
The one who knock will be opened."

Christus was blissed and said: "I am very happy to have you as my friend. Thank you very much. Now I begin to understand, that it has to do with the alignment of our self, with Elohim the source the, and then align the focus to the appropriate harmonic of the specific creation, by using the Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector, which I can experience, when you chanting".

Master Lady Nada: "This is it but imagine that the Seraphim top level vector is also included in what you described, and then the final creation has also a harmonic related to the other two harmonics.
The rest is the power of imagination that leads into the ultimate psychokinesis, the concept which is only for a few humans accessible".

Christus said: "Wow that is very interesting, I will learn and train myself".

Master Lady Nada: "You already did all your life. When the others had fun and hang out, you was sitting behind books, thought about the concepts,
find the missing knowledge that was whispering silently. You were the one, who listened to the voice. Altough the nois of the society is higher in Amplitude, by a decade times a decade. One of us will be in the same place as you, and you will find him.
Just never be afraid, now matter how the society act with us, when we come to close to the scholars and their little frozen secrets.
In the end it will pay out, and that is why we shall never fear, but know that in the end it's going to be fine.
Now I got to leave, give me a last hug, honey".

Pythagoräer
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave Harmony
CHAPTER 13
Pythagorean
CREATION OCTAVE ALIGNMENT AT A-444HZ
Lady Nada went around the house, to the street and Christos was glaring at the house, for the moment where he could see here on the street.
But somehow she did not enter the street, like the other visitors, so he thought astonished, that is unusual maybe she went in the other direction,
which is the wrong way to go back, but on this side she was not walking too. So Christus went back to the Master, sitting in the kitchen at the round table.

Master Pythagoras said: Christos my dear friend, come eat with me".

Christos replied: "That is a good idea, I made a salad but there was literally no time to it it.
Nada is such an impressive girl, wise and the smartest of them All. As if I had dreamed all the afternoon".

Oh yes, we became best friends, when she was my Master Lady Nada, and brought the monochord to us.
It was the ingenious design of the Carpenter, to build a box that represents the monochord of our beloved Nada, because then we could apply a number direct to it and can have more harmonics at once, and therefore it is meant to bring the Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector, into the music instruments like it was the case from our ancestors who made the Tablets".

Christos asked: "What have you find out about music instruments"?

It is the same as you have found, that the 12 is the number where the most harmony is possible,
which then aligns the semi tones directly to the Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector.
Only problem is the whole instrument must be tuned, to match the Octave to the Elohim ray.

If it is only 4 Herz lower than 444, then the whole Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector alignement of 12, is on the edge and is already dead.

It seems somehow related, but the most instruments have to low amplitude harmonics, thus we can not hear it directly, rather than it feels just dead and make tired instead of active.
Christos said: "Then is 444 cycles per second the base of your tuning fork"?

Master Pythagoras replied: "Yes we defined it to match the Elohim fundamental, therefore we tuned the fork to, Nada her voice monochord, to be in Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector, with the Elohim ray from God.

Christos asked: "is there undertones"?

Master Pythagoras Answered: That is, because the creation has no beginning nor end, and that is possible through backpropagation, the possibility to become infinite more Intelligent.
You are my best Apprentice and became Master today.
The Carpenter send you greetings, and went but he ask you, if you want to become his Apprentice"?

Christus answered: "Oh yea I'd be honored by learn the craft guild of the Carpenter, and learn allot besides the physical training, then next time I visit you, I can impress the beautiful girl from the market".

Master Pythagoras said: "I knew exactly which one you mean, when you told me last time. There is only one that is the most outstanding of them All.
The farmers, yes I know her Father they live a simple live but are outstanding unconditional.
This girl has the most simple clothes, but in the face there I saw the True Self.
She has an outstanding symmetry and proportion, like Nada as if God was very ambitious with his unconditional Love, when he made her after his own image.
Here name is Maria, but the mother calls her Magdalena and is the same bright as you, only a woman.

Christus said: "Thank you Master, I am very blissed to join your Garden, and see you soon".

They said goodbye to each other and the next morning at dawn, Christus was already prepared and walked off.
