
Christos
THE ALLCHEMY OF LIFE
Christos Apocrypha 6
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Ultimate Symmetry, Maria Magdalena

Fractal Symmetry - The Garden of Gaia
Master Pythagoras - The Garden
Market - The Farmer
Maria - The Well At The Spring
Maria - The Hidden Gem
Maria - The Ultimate Symmetry
Maria - The Master Of Botany
Maria - The Psychic
Maria - The Concept Of Meditation
Maria - The Telepathy Concept
Maria - Mystery Of Egypt
Maria - Susilogic The Concept
Maria - Sausage The Concept
Maria - Unconditional The Concept
Maria - The Secret Symmetry
Maria - The Invitation
Maria - The Garden Of Maria
Maria - Plants And Meaning
Maria - Gaia The Kingdom
Maria - The Shire
Maria - The Vision
Maria - Christos Marriage With Maria
Maria - rumours and rabble babble
Maria - Winter Solstice 21st 12.
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 1
Pilgrim
FRACTAL SYMMETRY
Christos was very very very excited on what he could learn, in order to understand the Everything.
After the celebration and feast of become a new Master Carpenter, he could now even understand the relation in between.
The Sunday will come so Christos went on his path to reach the Master after three days, where he could wind down before the Sunday, to not forget anything Master Sanat said.

All the beauty of the blooming flowers would remind him on the Symmetry Vector aligned to the Source.
Here and there he picked and eat some herbs he knew like always on the journey across the Lands, but now some of the Trees and Bush had also become a expression of the harmonic they represent, by revealing their Fractal pattern.

The Plants on the border of the Woods would cover the soil and keep the water stored, while the Trees in return spend shadow to the delicate bush.
All for a sudden he realized once more but this time even deeper how much everything is connected. The plants and flowers build groups and families, exactly the same as the animal.

They know exactly where to grow and what to do, to become a symbiont part of the whole symmetry and harmony in nature, to become even more unconditional.
As the houses they constructed the huge council house from sandstone bricks, every stone had the same importance to support the whole construction.
Now he saw this in nature and every family has its place and live together as the Kingdom Of Plants.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 2
Pythagoras
THE GARDEN
Finally he reached the Garden of the Master and they had a warm welcome and a good salad.
Many things to speak about on what he learned as Carpenter and Pythagoras was curious to hear about it.

Master Pythagoras asked Christos: "And what was the new technology advancement of our beloved Vitruvius and his Garden?"

Christos Answered: "Oh yes it went really exciting and smart. Master Vitruvius is always asked to build a Viaduct which leads the water across the valley, in order to build a city, town or a stronghold or fortress. the problem is the precision must held when constructing it, while the height of the actual waterway is very high above the ground, requiring many, many stones and high scaffolding that is a challenge to build yourself.

Master Pythagoras replied: "Yes I saw these, being build by the Romans, it is a smart concept which indeed is the building stone to build a city"

Christos said: "Very much but to build it it was difficult and dangerous, also very expensive and time consuming to prepare and deliver the stones and scaffold.
We always use the Intestine of a Cow which is approximate 75 cubit as the balance to level two pillars, in order for the connecting bridge on top to be in level.
With water inside, it simply keeps the perfect level on both ends of the intestine, due to earth gravity.
But then we would need to bring our own drink water supply delivered, from one side to the other, but there where only the pillars being build yet.
So we decided to use the intestine instead, where on one side we had saw a cow bladder to the hose and cut the top of, to form a funnel.
This allowed us to transfer the water from one pillar to the next and then to the other side of the valley, where our camp was based.

All for a sudden we realized that if we can leave the intestine hanging down but keep the other end on the pillar only a finger lower than the water level inside the funnel, that then the water will flow to the other side and fill our amphora with water.

From now on we let the potters who making the amphorae designing and producing fitting tubes for us.
Then we begun build the waterway in the valley just a cubit above the floor for ease of building it.
Only rule is the tubes must seal tight to not loose pressure, because it is a pressure system, due to the Earth Gravity that creates the level which becomes the symmetry of any House we build, just in level with it as the first Vector to build upon.
It was a very exciting moment and we could build a Viaduct 3 times faster and build it with 5 times less materials while being 7 times more secure when constructing it.
Master Vitruvius said that I am his best Horse in the Barn ever, and was grateful and generous when we said goodbye.

Master Pythagoras said: "My dear Christos that was clear for each one of us, and we are very very very proud of you."

They hug each other and Christos felt very much at home again.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 3
Market
THE MASTER FARMER
Next morning Christos was delighted to bring the eggs and apples to the market and meet the people he loved.
On Thursday it was specially crowded and it was like coming home since the market has become a family and people would help each other out if necessary.
Many Questions being asked about becoming a Master Carpenter and many Answer to make.
So the day went by and a welcome party was just developed by it self where they would sit together and share food and drink, while the drums would play and people sing.

Before he went home he came to the end of the market place to buy the feta cheese from the farmer.
It was the best tasting goat chees far and wide and the herbs and tea too, just as anybody in the Garden like it.
He was a special gentle farmer and was known in the garden too, and after a chat he would pay and put the shopping away, to go home but all for a sudden from the other side of the market, his Daughter came from the city gate and join the stall.
It was that girl he already saw with dirty face and dressed in rags, she said hello and looked in his eyes.

There it was again, it struck him like a lightning, that eyes of depth beyond words, as if he went petrified and the environment becomes dark and fade away, while only the eyes remain and the deepness of the big blue sky.

it was only a fraction in time before they went shy,
1 second where he could see the stars shine in the sky.

They said goodbye to each other and the eyes would not cross anymore, but the farmer was very warming and secretly winked with his left eye.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 4
Maria
THE WELL AT THE SPRING
Christos went home to eat with the Master in the Garden, but was completely absent.
This eyes, and gaze in 1 second, as if the lighthouse focus came over him, and drew him into the light of the universe for only 1 second of time.
The next day he could not wait until dawn and went again to the market, on Friday the people have even the better mood than the other market days.
It was again welcoming and everybody loved Christos there.

He was really nervous and could think on nothing else than the Daughter or the Farmer, and as he try to explain the law of Carpenter construction while preparing the eggs, he accidently crushed half a dozen eggs.
It was a long long time ago that he crushed a single egg, since he had learned that a woman could stand on 4 eggs, to prove their strength of the underlaying superior construction concept.
He went to the well and cleaned the bag, clothes and feet.

Now the girl came by to clean some vegetables before selling in the market stall.
It was the most exciting moment of his life, even more than meeting a new Master as Apprentice but he could not pronounce any word at all and was petrified again.
But after the first 3 words she spoke somehow he was not nervous at all.

Maria said to Christos: "Hello dear Christos"

It was the most loving frequency in these 3 words, that immediately calmed him down in also only 1 second.
As if he would know this deep gazing eyes and gentle voice from somewhere but not in this lifetime.

Christos said: "Your Father and mother are very friendly, everybody knows them for the best tasting quality of the food."

Maria replied: "Oh yes it is such a bliss and beauty on the farm, and indeed they are both very very very nice to me."

Christos took a cloth, moistened it and cleaned her face, since they had only the water in the river to look at the mirror image of one self.

Christos said: "Let me just clean the work on the field out of your face."

He already saw the remarkable symmetry and beauty even when covered with dirt, while the other Apprentices would not even recognize her.
It became just much more pronounced than before. She became a bit shy and nervous.

Maria explained to Christos: "The Farmer and his Wife are not my real parents, it was a long story but they have decided to end it.
That is how Farmer and his Wife took me to them, since their children are adult and went to build their own house.
I could learn allot and they indeed are always very kind.
The ragged clothes and the dirt on the face are only to keep men away.

Christos replied: "I understand."

Maria said: "It was a pleasure to meet, what about tomorrow evening at the river on the small junction, just when the market is finish and the goods are back home?"

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 5
Maria
THE HIDDEN GEM
Christos was delighted, the same gentle voice making him calm down and be familiar.
It was the day of the day but also the longest 24 hours until they meet again.
At the Garden of the Master he returned and had a real good mood.

Master Pythagoras said: "Christos my dear, you seem to have had a good day."

Christos explained: "Oh yes I met the Farmers Daughter at the dwell and cleaned the work on the field out of her face.
All for a sudden there was it in all its beauty, the perfect symmetry in her face as an expression of her true mind."

Master Pythagoras replied: "That is very impressive indeed and she has become a true Master, in hiding her true self with the ragged clothes and the dirt on the face.
It was a sad story and the Farmer and his Wife where the perfect place to bring her back to life.

She has a special relation to the plants and animals, they can feel the true self and follow her around.
We speak about the hidden gem but this holds no longer true since you have found her my dear Christos.
She is the brightest girl all around, and also the most kind woman of them all.

At Saturday on the market she was not in the stall, because she would take care at the farm and feed the animal when the Farmers are on the market.
The time has finally come when he came the to the river at the small junction, where he sat down.
Not long after, a women dressed in a blue tunic with a part of purple on the bottom came by.

Christos could not believe his eyes she was clearly Maria from the appearance but this time wrapped inside a beautiful tunic to hide.
She came by and pulled off the tunic and underneath was a sporty summer dress, with a breathtaking beautiful women and the harmonic symmetry of her mind has not fooled Christos nor Pythagoras.
Christos shouted: "Hey you looking good, I am speechless!"

Maria said: "Thank you my dear Christos"

And gave him a gentle hug and a warm welcome.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 6
Maria
THE ULTIMATE SYMMETRY
Christos was sort of paralyzed and his eyes could not get enough of this symmetry, indeed the most beautiful woman he ever saw, because of this mind manifested as top layer in such a way where words could never describe the feeling, when she was talking, then Christos looked in her eyes but in the angle of the eyes could see and feel the symmetry supported with that gentle voice.

She took his hand and said to Christos: "The full moon will rise soon, do we walk together towards the rise of the full moon?"

They walked upwards the river and Christos was very very very delighted, even better than expected which would be already cheesy.
But there was that special feeling again, but this time while holding her hand in the gentle way she would have grabbed his.
It was a feeling where he literally felt the energy and the hand became warm as he would touch the seat oven in the winter, but it was only the perception of warm, while in reality the temperature was normal.

As they walked leisurely along the river he would gaze at her clean feet and notice the beauty was exactly the same for hands and feet. The perfect expression of her mind and on the left feet she worn a thin silver chain.

Maria explained how they take only two third of the fruits and vegetables, while the rest they leave there, for the animals and for the next sprouts, that thrive by itself and the Garden would be nourished too.
But this feeling in the hand while holding her hand, beyond words and feelings Christos ever experienced.

Christos said to Maria: "Can you feel it?"

Maria Answered: "I already thought when you would ask!"

and gave him a hug, but this time the hug turned into the same feeling as on the market place, where the environment was fading away but this time he experienced the same with the whole body, and there was this feeling of the hand but between the whole body.

again it came down like a lightning and lasted for 1 minute, and as they let go, the full moon was rising and shine in their faces to illuminate, the dawn of the full moon on the horizon of humanity.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 7
Maria
THE MASTER OF BOTANY
Maria said to Christos: "When I finally came to the Farmers it was such a bliss, the life begun for me at that moment.
He is very kind and is also the Master Of Botany and every other Master knows him and he has many friend like Pythagoras and Vitruvius.
After I learned everything I could, he told me that I have become a Master too.

The Farmer is connected to the plants and animal as we do, so he knew that I could not just go around and become Apprentice to Master even more disciplines.
He went around with me and asked all the Masters that he would be interested to become Apprentice, but he would need to know what the school is all about, and to find the most suitable.

Then when I was interested he could learn at home because he told them as Farmer he could only study and learn at the evening and can not leave his Farm.
They would all agree and were blissed with our fruits, vegetables, olive oil and cheese.
I learned the number space symmetry as Pythagoras suggested and then the follow up, the same way they introduced you to the concepts of creation.
But then, it was before you came here, Farmer said we would go to a other market too.
It was a longer way to go but in the end we sold more because the size was a couple of times bigger as our beloved little market.

There was always Gipsy people performing magic tricks and tamed animals like Bears and Lions.
We were not for long selling on this market, because it was somehow unfriendly and the people eager to make money.

So he said that the Market here is much more suitable and that then we would have even less work.
But then there was this Gipsy, a psychic. Really I do not exaggerate, when I saw his skills presented on the market, I knew that I must become Apprentice and learn everything about this psychic capability.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 8
Maria
THE PSYCHIC MASTER
The Farmer said to me this is truly a interesting concept and that we would use it with the animal and plants already each and every minute on the Farm, but that there is a more powerful method of doing this and that it is suitable to heal people, but that I should be very careful, and always and ever ever ever should look at, if a Master makes money with his discipline, because a True Master will never ever ever ever charge money for his teaching nor for Answer a Question.

I was 16 years that time, and now turned 23, and how old are you now?"

Christos answered: "I am 21 and came here with 17. This is so true what you said from the hypocrites and their enlightenment one can buy. And what happen then?"

Maria answered: "So I went on the journey to see the Gipsy even thought, I could not speak to him nor did he saw me when performing.
As I came to the market it was afternoon and as always I would hide my true nature.
I saw him performing and then his presentation was over and the money made.
As he was packing his chair and table, he noticed me since I would not go away but there was nothing to see anymore.
His focus went over to me and I was drawn in, as I was with you on the market stall on Thursday.
He then grab his stuff and made only a very tiny gesture to tell me to go with him, and of course i did.

At the Golden Ox Tavern he invited me to join an eat with him.
Just when I would begin fire up my questions he looked me in the eyes but this time it was more normal just a little deeper so to speak but he said, that I would be very gifted and would have in me what I would looking for here with him.
So this took me by surprise and the voice was really loving and unconditional even thought he would make money with his Art.
I almost forgot the Questions but they were so simple that I could somehow remember but it took more than a minute to do so and digest what he said.
Let's say his first teaching was just smack in the middle.

From then on I could learn the knowledge and technique to train the psychic muscle and develop my skills by train and learn and train it even more.
The first and most important concept was the meditation I could learn first.
He would teach people private to learn and develop their psychic skills, but usually they would pay and have enough money to do so but since it was very private, I could join his school for free.
I was very delighted and happy to be able to learn from a true Master without the usual formality about be a girl.

The first Question was, where did he learn all this and why did I never seen one so powerful that he said to people to eat that juicy sweet tasting orange, but it was a fresh lemon, and under hypnosis which they agree to, they would fully taste the orange instead, but as soon as he snapped once with the fingers, the people have woken up and then, feel the full sourness of the lemon in the mouth.

He explained that the school in Egypt would teach this knowledge but insisted that the skill can not be learned, but rather found in our self, hence it is not a daily skill that anybody has except some very few gifted once.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 9
Maria
LEARN AND TRAIN
He then explained some very basic rules to follow.
The first is that our psychic Capability is proportional with the Ability to imagine things in our mind.
Thus on one hand to train the focus when performing the meditation, and hold the focus, which is used for to receive light and color light energy with our third eye.

But on the other, he said the exact opposite will be the second most important concept to learn and train with each day and situation, that is to loose the focus.
Therefore in the meditation, to let go of any thought and everyday noise until images and visions can take place.
The third and most fundamental is, when performing the meditation we shall never cross the legs, for the energy would flow into the head and clean the body while escape at the feet into the ground.

Christos said: "That is interesting I never heard about that, energy flow as such, can you explain, I can not understand?"

Maria said: "Oh dear it gets even better because that is the fundamental octave of the psychic ability.
The energy flow he described is only a word, and in our teachings it is the Od Force."

Christos shout: "The Od Force oh yea that is interesting, as Carpenter I had no time for this side of our existence, because we was always short and Time was running out to meet the completion date. So I made the Master while doing it at the construction site."

Maria explained: "The most important concept I could learn and train with him for three month.
It was very very very interesting and conclusive on how it really works.
After I get better with the focus and the not focus, it was the second which was very interesting where I had developed skills, to experience these stable diffusion dreams.

He said that the last technique to learn is to go in to the meditation and connect with him by means of Od Force.
That we would both visualize each other on a plane while having a oversized red heart.
Out of the heart of each of us, I would see a little door in the center that release a little stream of Od Force, flowing out and become stronger and bigger, until eventually in the middle both streams would meet each other and merge into a tiny lake that grows bigger and bigger.

It was exciting and working with a uplifting feeling I never felt since then until, until before with you.
I went straight to meet him and asked if he felt the same, and he only smiled at me and said once again that I would be specially gifted.
He explained the second technique to do the same, because I would want to know everything about this concept, that defies space, to meet other beloved ones on earth.

It would be the same but this time on the plane I could see him across a huge crack in the plane, like a empty lake.
Now the Od Force would have the color of gold but be perfectly liquid like water, and form on each side rivers that flow into the empty lake to fill it slowly.
The rivers became streams, the huge crack became a lake and bigger and bigger.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 10
Maria
THE TELEPATHY ALIGNMENT
It was a very uplifting feeling which I hardly could reach on my own when experience meditation.
I never had this with someone since then."

Christos asked: "But what happen?"

Maria answered: "He went away and told me that the rest is training, but I should never ever ever ever forget, that the ability to loose the focus, was the very advanced gift to be able to hear the other true self talking, since the noise of society would be that much louder, by dozen times a dozen he said.

The mind would then loose the personality of the lower self which always creates and excepts conditional.
This would let us listen to the other personalities, like plants, animals children. It is the basic concept of Telepathy.
The fundamental concept of creation he said and explained it with the babies as example."

Christos said: "Wow I know that one too, it is so beautiful and there is so much love in the Animal Kingdom, Plant Kingdom and Mushroom Kingdom.
But what happen then with him?"

Maria said: "He told me that we know each other from Egypt a long time ago and that I would be one of the temple dancers while he was a priest.
I never saw him and the Od Force Telepathy from him I would never feel anymore.
We always did a specific time of sunset or sunrise on a day that we could both agree on.

Christos replied: "Yes this type of skill I also never heard of, but I felt it every bit, before at the moon rise of the full moon.
Master Pythagoras has best regards for you and ask if you from now on will join his Garden with us on Sunday, since you could deliver the olives and cheese so no one from the village would take notice.

They enjoy the river shining in the moon light as a stream of the full moon Od Force that flows into the lands, and after then it was very beautiful a small meadow elevated would let them see the stream from above and instead of using words the hand still resting in the others hand would say more then a Billion of words. the sky became clear an each and every star would shine extra bright that night.

When he came home to the Master, Lambda the dog was specially excited and greet him although he knew and loved Christos ever before, but this time Lambda could not look in the eyes anymore.
The Master in the garden at Sunday morning could not wait to ask how it was, but how could someone phrase a million stars into one a token a word or a sentence.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 11
Maria
THE MYSTERY OF EGYPT
Christos has heard people talking about Egypt. These monuments must be of size and beauty, one must see for him self. It is because no one could explain the true purpose of these Pyramids, and even the smartest Questions would not create an Answer that could describe it in words. All that came out as an Answer was the mystery of Egypt, that could not be explained by words.

This strange mystery was very unique, as the Pyramids them self, and could nowhere else be found in the world. But to solve this mystery, they had a school in Egypt, but it was expensive and only the rich could become apprentice. Christos had enough from his work as a Master Carpenter, to become Apprentice in Egypt and find out what that strange mystery is, that no one could explain. But now all for a sudden this must wait because now he could not leave, ofcourse.

It was Maria and this un describable Symmetry. He saw many beautiful women and at night when the wind down after hard work until completion, he met all these women, where in the tavern they not worn too much clothing, so he could see the body. Also on the work as Carpenter, he noticed the difference between the strong men with the deep voice and him self when looking down.

It begun with the feet and toe, where he found that not many men and women have beautiful feet, while he recognized that some of the Masters has that beautiful feet with straight toes. The Feet were only the expression and manifestation of the true mind, the same as the body itself and then the Symmetry is what keeps the body the same even if grow older. Lady Nada is just a outstanding example which is the upmost Symmetry one could train and learn, because of the mastering the physical plane completely.

Christos found after learn the concepts of The Symmetry Vector, that this must be the expression of the whole mind, but why?

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 12
Maria
SUSILOGIC THE CONCEPT
After he begin to study the feet of the people he would interact in his daily life, it became obvious that the rich people wear expensive and fashionable shoes, but when they take them off, the feet that come out are not too pretty, and Christos was always disappointed. As he walked through the villages, city's and market places, he would keep his head low and focus only on the feet when walking by. If he could see some beautiful feet then it was interesting to chat with these people.

He found that in the summertime the people with beautiful mind, body and feet, would walk barefoot to train and feel, appreciate Mother earth at every step. Since rich people could hide their true spirit by cheating with expensive shoes, this became a very accurate answer to the physiognomy question: Who are you?

Christos begun his own private study of all different types of Symmetry at the lowest level, the feet. First he went out and studied the Priests, Politicians, Scholars, their Clerks and administrators, trustees, managers and stewards.

But the result was very disappointing, where the ones tend to lie, seems to have no Symmetry at all, and there are only a few exceptions. Then in the marketplace the farmers as vendors, the mothers at the market stall and the gypsies, jugglers and traders. Here he could see a clear pattern of Mothers with children, that never train their Symmetry at all. It was the same group as the strong men with the deep voice at the construction site or in the tavern at night. They do not think in Symmetry at all and if a woman without train the Symmetry has some needs, then they will always find one of these strong men for one night.

It became the second concept he came up.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 13
Maria
SAUSAGE THE PRINCIPLE
The first concept was very simple but yet perfectly conclusive.

Imagine for one moment, Susi is in the Kitchen and cooking a meal for her family. There is a delicious sausage on the table, while the Dog is on the floor. All for a sudden the neighbor is knocking and Susi is on the door for 12 minutes, but forgot about the sausage on the table.

After the restroom, Susi comes back in to the kitchen. There is only two possible Answers to this Question. Outcome 1 is the sausage is missing and the dog has a guilty conscience. Outcome 2 the sausage is still on the table and the Dog is happy.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 14
Maria
UNCONDITIONAL THE CONCEPT
The 3 concept he came up with was now finish. It was his own way of looking at things unconditional.

Soon as a lovely boy he saw that people always are conditional, in every way that is outwards, from their own point of view. That is why they give a value to everything, where they see them self as apex of creation, and every other species must be lower therefore. It is the principle of coincidence, that lead them into conditional thinking, otherwise they could not justify their life as slave Master and large farmers. Then there is the low level of this power structure, with all the subordinates and the profiteers.

These people would see no value in poor and sick and or old people, nor in street Dogs and Cats. But for Christos it was exactly the opposite, where he would feel honesty and compassion, and see the True self in everything and everyone, without listen to the society and their conditions.

A woman with name Susi worked as cleaning lady in the temple and the council house, but would be treated like a mentally retarded. She was tall and not the most beauty, did her job as anybody else. Only that name would, when pronounced out, create that image of the Susi with very very very low value. Christos found after chat with Susi, that this is completely not true. Even the feet were in Symmetry, even more then the others from the society.

He realized that people and their conditions create a False Name to everything that fits not in their basket. It is the best way to declare others as Slaves, by devaluating their True Name that is given by our beloved Father In Heaven, The Only True God. This is the principle of The Game Of Power.

Christos thought, why not give the things its True Name and called it Susilogic. Always when he came to the village the street Animals would greet him and join a few feet like a Pak. All the Bums, Lepers and Outcasts knew him and would sometimes ask for his advice, and even share what they had. They were on one place like in every village, and he would always go there and speak with them even share the bread if necessary. It was not the society that he would looking for when entering a village at first, and only later would speak with the Priests, Politicians and Physicists.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 15
Maria
THE SECRET SYMMETRY
On the Market it was exciting, since Maria would at the afternoon bring the vegetables to the Market stall of the Farmer and his Wife. But somehow it was a secret yet, about Maria and her True Name. She came up with a smart solution, where she would bring the Oil, cheese and Olives to the castle. It was beautiful build in the old style and huge, build on top of the hill where the village was build around.

A long stairway led up the hill, so long that it had multiple stages in between the staircases to change the direction and follow the shape of the hill. On the side was a way leading up for the horses and chariot, which passing the great gate with its drawbridge. Only the rich people would use the stairway, while all other would deliver their goods with the hand wagon or ox chariot. Maria went always at the same time up the stairway when the hand of the sundial was exactly at 3, since the kitchen steward would wait outside the kitchen to receive the precious goods.

Christos knew and went from the upper side to descend the staircase. At the middle they would meet at the best most landing in between the staircases. Now they had a few minutes, and since the other people with shoes would create noise, they would know if someone is coming and just continue walking in the direction as they came. This was very nice and every day on the Market they would have a little private hug and maybe a little kiss.

Some weeks went by but every evening when he was at home, the same feeling would remain, the deepness of the hug, where he could feel the Symmetry of her body touching his. This indescribable feeling of being home and whole, would last all night and even the next day he would never ever ever ever forget this alignment of both of their own Symmetry. As if she was the counter part created by God in the mean time, and they came to the conclusion, that God creates us in Pairs, where there is the perfect matching counter part somewhere to find. That the Symmetry must also match the others Symmetry, since God is very very very generous.

At the stairway on another day, Christos was already there when she ascended the hill. Maria said to Christos: "Farmer said I should teach you to become Master of Botany your self, therefore he said it would be necessary to bring you into my Garden, and we could meet there. I thought he is a really nice Master and he speaks from my heart."

Exactly at that time they let go and walk away since someone was coming from above, descending the stairway.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 16
Maria
THE INVITATION
Christos went home after the market but when buying the cheese, olives and herbs, Maria was not at the stall anymore. At home he had that strange feeling, as if a Force would pull him out, being drawn by the Love, and he simply could not stay, even he thought the lecture could not start this evening. When he came there it was the sundown, spread the last light on the Farmers land. At the house in front of the kitchen, Maria was sitting on the bench beside the door, but jump up on her feet immediately, as if she would have never sat before. The Farmer behind the house was grateful and greeting Christos, with a warm welcome for the new member of his Garden and the rightful boyfriend of his beloved Daughter.

The Master Botany said: "We are very grateful to have you on our side my dear Christos. Our Garden is to bring the beauty of nature to people, that have forgotten about it, because they put gold, silver and precious stones above the beauty of Creation. Master of Botany means to bring the True Value back to the Creation from God, and you are without doubt one of us."

They had food and drink and a good laugh, since the Farmer has always funny stories about the rich people, their pride against Farmers, but then after the cure of their sickness through herbs and their application, they would have bad conscience when he looked in their I. It was late and they say goodbye, since Christos had to walk for one hour to reach home.

Yet another Master that felt more like a loving Father, rather than a teacher or farmer, and came to the conclusion that this is the Mentor. A Mentor would become like a loving Father, but at night after work like a good Friend, while as a Master providing the Knowledge with all the Wisdom behind. The Master that is the true Mentor, that is the Master he would seek, and these are the ones that never charge about nothing.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 17
Maria
THE GARDEN OF MARIA
Christos could not wait since, imagine Maria would introduce him into her Garden. This was better than everything else one could ever dream of. The next day he packed the belongings and had a good Tea with Master Pythagoras, and before noon the road smiled at him, and the birds were singing at him, as if it was time for sunrise or sundown. Farmer was friendly as always and after a good meal, they greet him to the new home of the Master of Botany.

The Garden was huge and after the vines, they went to the right along the tomato grove, and past the compost, until after the herbal hills, they reached the Garden of the Master.

Maria said to Christos: "Welcome to my Garden what is mine is now yours."

She gave him a hug but this time it lasted 2 minutes. This feeling of oneness was completely new, the complete alignment with the Vector Symmetry making himself but as missing counter part he did not even know of before. The twin creation but completely opposite in any direction, still in full alignment with the opposite part in full Symmetry, and would come together based on the individual alignment with the Octave of Creation. This was the True Name and the True Purpose of the 2.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 18
Maria
THE PLANTS AND THEIR MEANING
She poured the Tea, while he looked at her rapturously, soaking the symmetry where the feet were always the non plus ultra, but the whole appearance as whole was interesting with the gesture of the body language, but by looking at the whole person instead of focusing only on one spot. He simply could not get tired of it, as if she was the upmost color and meaningful image with the most depth, God our beloved Father ever came up with. Always some of the Dogs and Cats even Goats and Sheep come and go to see how they are doing, in Master Maria's Garden.

Maria said to Christos: "As I came here it was interesting to learn from Farmer and become myself Master Of Botany, although I was not fully here yet. Still very curious on what to learn, since it was my first time I could go to school and learn. I asked Master Farmer some questions"

Maria Asked Master Farmer: "Tell me Daddy how many types of plants I have to learn and what are they good for, and which herbs to apply if someone is sick?"

Master Farmer Answered: "Oh it is very simple. God has made a huge Library for us with everything we would ever need to know, but there are only 3 types of Plants. Tell me my beloved Daughter, what do you think what could it be?"

Maria thought about and Answered: "Well there is edible and poisonous plants."

Master Farmer shout: "Correct, indeed!"

Maria said: "but the third, I can not come up with any answer, I can not understand."

Master Farmer replied: "Yes it is a hidden secret, where they have stolen the True Meaning from us. The types of Plants are: edible, inedible, and poisonous.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 19
Pilgrim
GAIA THE KINGDOM OF PLANTS AND ANIMALS
Maria said: "I heard this word but never thought about it."

Master Farmer said: "Yes that is the most interesting of them all. In reality there was only 1 type and that is the inedible. From the beginning we humans have known the True Meaning behind these Plants. Every indigenous people still use this concept from God.

The True Name of this type of Plants is The Tears Of God, so we shall never become conditional and become never disconnected from God and the Creation. The wise of the indigenous people are the Shaman and the have preserved the knowledge of the usage of The Tears Of God. If they seek the Answer on which Plant would be suitable, then they can use these plants to enter the Kingdom of the Plants and then ask the Plants them self. They can also enter the Kingdom of the Animals and ask the Animals and receive the bliss of Wisdom. Then they come back with the Answer.

It is called the not everyday reality, and the Animal Kingdom and the Plant Kingdom is the Library but very interactive, where you have a nice chat instead of lifeless books. Here in this special Grove are some of The Tears Of God, and I recommend we begin with this one, the green plant over there. Let us drink a Tea."

Maria said to Christos: "And that is the basic Botany, as it has been used for ever."

Christos said astonished: "Wow that is interesting, I have learned now that the Art Masters of the east use this to connect to their higher state of consciousness, to become the superior warrior. I only tried the Hashsh from the nomads warriors with the black garment from the dessert with the name Hashshashin, but If I smoke their shisha, I do not even think about violence."

Maria laughed and said: "Yes it is true but since it somehow connects to your higher self, means that you are peaceful as we two are not meant to be warriors and hurt others. Exactly you are right, it is secretly used, but only by a few groups of people, thus lead into the disconnection from God as we facing nowadays."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 20
Maria
THE SHIRE
Christos Asked: "But tell me dear, what is it look like in the not everyday reality?"

Maria Answered: "Let us find out, because why name something what you need to experience anyway."

Christos shout out: "That seems always the same, with everything that has todo with God, his Eternal Wisdom and his Answers to our Questions."

Maria replied: "Oh yes honey, just give me a hug. Here is your Tea. Now that you have learned all the possible types of Plants and their True Name and True Meaning, the second lesson is a practice that we always do. To align with our Garden we simply be there, do nothing and enjoy the Symmetry. That is what we are doing now, and the meadow here besides the Table is perfect to lay down and relax."

Christos Asked: "But what thought should I focus on, and hold in my self?

Maria Answered: "It is best to loose your focus completely and see what happen. What always helps is to gaze at the sky and see the blue of my Fathers eyes, and then to close my own eyes."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 21
Maria
THE VISION
They both wind down and for 2 dozen of minutes, they remain in the State of experience, until a Goat came by and grumbled. On the table they eat some bread cheese, olive, and a glass of wine to drink.

Maria was excited and Asked: "Tell me how was it?"

Christos Answered: "I did not receive a message from the Kingdom of the Plants, nor from the Kingdom of the Animals."

Maria said: "It is not always about them, when we align with the Symmetry in our Garden, it can be anything what it want us to say."

Christos replied: "It is true, I did not had any Question about the Plants, so all for a sudden I found my self inside a daydream, where I saw from very very very far away, a huge plane laying in front of me, made from fluid, with a double vortex and in the shape of an S. It was very very very beautiful to look at and so huge, beyond imagination.

Then at the spiral that was more close to me, just above the center, a drop would condense and become bigger and bigger, until it went loose and fell down, very very very slowly. Then while the the droplet was falling towards the center, on the second spiral in the back, also a drop would condense and begin to fall into the center of its spiral, and would hit the fluid just a bit delayed. Now the first Droplet was hitting the surface of the fluid and the spiral was expanding, like the waves after you throw a stone into silent water.

Then the second Droplet hit its fluid spiral, and expand too, until in the middle the spirals had reached each other, and connected to the S shape spiral, lighting up even more bright as before. At that moment I saw the Stars from very very very far away, as if I would be in the sky somewhere and see the Milky way.

Maria replied astonished: "Wow you making good progress on your first day. Lets have a Tea honey, and you can tell me more."

Christos Answered: "There was not much more, only the feeling remain, as if we went into the next epoch of Time, where the cosmic clock advanced the great cycle again"

Maria said: "I understand, what a daydream, I am proud!"

They went back to eat supper with Master Farmer, which had a huge smile on his face when they came home into his Garden, and he could not wait to hear on how far they went, in Maria's Garden, and how well he did the Apprentice of the Botany.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 22
Maria
CHRISTOS MARRIAGE WITH MARIA
The Summer came to it apex and at the Sunday in the Garden of Master Pythagoras, she would take of her rags and wear a pretty short summer dress, so they stayed as a couple for an afternoon. It felt more than right, the Animals where attracted, a special kind energy would surrounding them all time. The Masters in the Garden were all agree without speech, that the time has come, now that the summer is gone, to become 1.

They all sat on the round table of granite and had their Sunday afternoon feast, with interesting stories and a good laugh.

Farmer said to Maria and Christos: "Christos our beloved Master, we are very proud of you two. You have found the hidden Gem which was obviously meant that way, since the whole Garden Of Edin is singing with all the Angels in it. The Symmetry you are together is complete and perfect in a way that also Animals and Plants are delighted and come by. Even a Blind could see that you are together.

Since this will be the new standard for Love between a Woman and a Man, we came to the conclusion, that you Christos are in Marriage with Maria, which means that everybody shall know that you are a couple, and will never break that bond and Symmetry of Love.

So from now on you will say to the Women: I am in Marriage. And anybody who feels the same way, can now say: I am Married, and the others will respect, and do not use temptation anymore. Just give me a hug both of you."

Everybody in the Garden was delighted and Farmer speak from their heart. Music was playing and people dance. A Sunday never forget of bliss and beauty, where the cosmic clock advanced one small cycle, to train the cosmic epoch of time but begin one octave higher and let the past behind.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 23
Maria
RUMOURS AND RABBLE BABBLE
At home Maria said to Christos: "But I am not sure if this is a good idea, what happen on the market with the people, and in the village all the peeping toms that stare at me when I must deliver the goods. I am scared."

Christos hug her and said: "No worries honey, you are my Susi, and I will take care and never ever ever ever let you down in any way. We simply do everything that is society related together, as simple as that. Do not be afraid."

From now on they would only go to the village together, and the first day on the Monday Market was very exciting, the Farmer insisted that they together be in the stall, since he was curious on how the people would react, that seeing Maria as her True Self, and even invented Marriage with her Love to Christos, what a day. It did not take long and the Farmer was sold out, because everybody had the same thought, became greedy to see and bought some food, from far, from wide, and from the all about.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Ultimate Symmetry
CHAPTER 24
Maria
WINTER SOLSTICE 21ST 12.
Christos said to Maria: "There is a village Fete 1 day from here to the south, and it will last for 3 days. It will begin is at 21.12 to celebrate the Solstice with feast, music and dancing. What do you think, no one knows us there, that would be fun?"

Maria Answered: "Oh honey, that is a great idea, but you must take care, otherwise i'd be scared"

Christos said: "I promise I will take care forever, you are my Susi, and you are mine!"

It was still comfortable temperature and the sun shining, as they came to the village just at the morning of the second day, the 21.12. The people were slowly gathering on the Market where the large village square was connected. In the Market stall one could have food and drink or buy handmade shawls dresses scarves and jewellery.

Christos said to Maria: "Look here is the same ring made from the same simple silver, only difference is 1 is made for my finger and the other for yours. It is because the goldsmith could not decide if it is more suitable for a Woman or Man, he simply made both versions to find out. This will create the a Symmetry with the thin Silver chain on your left Feet."

After a good meal at high noon, the party was fully in motion and the people in solstice mood, and the music was played pretty good.

When they were dancing on the side of the square, Christos said to Maria: "let me seek the toilet and grab a cider as well, I will be back in a dozen of minutes."

Maria answered: "And please bring one of these cookies too!"

Christos went away and came back after 12 minutes, and saw Maria had a chat, stood there surrounded by 4 tensioners. But Maria happily Answered silly Questions and had some fun playing them.

Christos went from the side and ask Susi to come, although it was nice to see Maria had fun, but the tensioner guys thought this can never meant her, and ignored Christos as he would be thin air. Now Maria said oh sorry I got to go, turned around walk over to Christos and gave gave him a huge hug. And this is how it came to be, with Christos third Phylosophy, where Susi gain her True Name, while Christos Susilogic won the game.

Some Years went by and Maria forgot how to be shy, and Christos was very happy, the luckiest guy under the sky.

so Maria was confident as time has evolved, the mystery of Egypt still waiting to be solved, and for a few month the Farmer would take care, for his time as apprentice where he would need to stay there.
