
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 4
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Octave Harmony

Marcus Vitruvius - The Master Carpenter
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave of Creation
CHAPTER 1
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE CONCEPT OF 4
This was the first stage as child, what we call school and education.
As a young adult Christos was handsome, friendly, cheerful and sociable.
He would love sport and walking, to train his body, the same as the mind by means of active participation.
The only time mentioned in the bible is the time as carpenter.

As his roots was a family of craftsman, he came to the Master carpenter and asked for apprenticeship, and the carpenter was delighted, since everybody knew Jesus, that outstanding bright and extraordinarily intelligent and kind kid.
What he could learn as a Apprentice was outstanding, something we have forgotten about it.

"Tell me Master how do we build the house based on 4, since I can see only the parallel Strength, but sideways, it has nothing to hold on.
It is so simple to use the 4 because of the 90 degree simplicity:
The 1 is 360°
The 2 is 180°
the 4 is 90°

But how do you provide the lateral strength, since a building can have multiple levels on top of each other and the beams would have a length to cover one level. In that way every level would have its own 4, which again simplify the process of building and constructing. Like a stack of boxes".

"I am impressed by your Intelligence dear Christos, it is the fundamental addition necessary to build the best most strength into the building, with the same number of beams.
We carpenters and engineers have found, the best way is, for each wall we create a imbalance of the 4 but fully symmetrical and therefore fully harmonious.
The horizontal center of each wall is the most beautiful spot for a window or door, but we need a beam in the horizontal center, to support the upper floor.

We came to the conclusion:
Just imagine the horizontal center is in our body the spine. This is what creates the strength in our body, in order to lift and carrie goods.
The spine is the connection between the legs and arms thus hands, and we have learned through evolution to use this ability of strength and simplify our daily life with it".

Christos asked: "I feel the strength when I carry a heavy beam, but I do have the perfect balance, thus no lateral force is applied to the spinal column. I do not understand."

Master answered: "Well, that is true with the lateral force, while carry stuff, but that is only the Result that you reach the perfect balance, thus no lateral force is applied on your spine.
To get into the perfect balance and stay there, we have the muscles, that does exactly that. we looked at the spine while comparing the angle of the muscles, involved. We came to the conclusion that the angle, best suitable is 30°.

Now this is the total angle of both sides, while the angle of one muscle is 15° compared to the spine.
The second law of this concept of stability, is the two muscles are always fully symmetrical, in harmony to the spine, and the other opposite muscle, which is the counter part.

From now on we use the 6 on the circle to construct 30° and now we can devide the circumference once again to thrive 15°".

Christos said: "The 12, thank you Master for the enlightenment"

Christos gave him a hug.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
Octave of Creation
CHAPTER 2
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Master explained: "This is the sacred Geometry, creating the lateral strength in our body, the 12.
Now we found that it dos not matter if these angle beams are a bit closer to each other or more spaced.

The only ever important rule is, the perfect symmetry and harmony to each other and the wall itself, And the perfect 15° angle to the horizontal center of the wall.
We can construct windows and doors that are different on each level an use this to make it beautiful an meaningful.
If a very large building has walls twice the length, then we add just a second set of these beams, but in opposite arrangement, so they will have 30° to each other".

Christus asked: "That is very interesting, but when do you know, that a additional set is necessary, to provide the perfect stability for a unusual large house"?

Master answered: "After looking at some sculls from the grave yard, we found that there is hardly a difference, even between male and female.
But the women are really different, where some are very very very beautiful, while others do not care about beauty, since the have kids and family anyway.
The beauty in the face of a woman, is made from only very tiny difference, compared to the others.

When begin to compare all the ratios of length and measure, we found that it is always around 1.618, that is the Golden Ratio that makes the sculls make look the same.
The beauty or not are only tiny attenuation of this ratio Phi, and it can also be inverted if necessary 0.618 which is the same, only perceive from the opposite side.

To thrive Phi we use the expansion of nature of growth, that can be found on the snail house.
It is a sequence: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144

The ratio can now be calculated by use a ratio from these numbers, but at the when nature start to grow, the ratio is not perfect yet.
Look at the snail house, and you can visually notice, that the first revolution is not perfect round.
When calculate any ratio, you find that every following revolution, will have the deviation to the opposite side.

Back to beautiful girls, the best most accuracy to Phi seems the most appealing. It is truly that simple".

Christos was delighted: "Thank you Master, how do you call your concept of the beauty and expression of God"?

Master answered: "I have defined it in the 3 sections, strength, utility and beauty, which in Latin is "Firmitas", "Utilitas", and "Venustas", and use it for every house we build".
Christos said: "Thank you Master Vitruvius, I understand"
