
Christos
APPRENTICE OF THE UNIVERSE
Christos Apocrypha 5
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Tao Of Love Master Yoga

Master Carpenter - Leave Vitruvius
Myriel - Pilgrim
Master Contest - Art Discipline
Master Of Art - The Curry
Sanat - Art Of Defense
Sanat - Wing Chung Shaolin
Sanat - Train Symmetry
Sanat - The Higher State Of Consciousness
Sanat - Physical Symmetry
Sanat - Kundalini The Tao Of Life
Sanat - Octave Of Creation
Sanat - The Secret Sanctum
Sanat - Pelvis Symmetry
Sanat - unconditional
Sanat - Karma The Law Of Love
Sanat - The Yoga Of Life
Sanat - The Garden Of Master Christos
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 1
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos went on the way home, the Sunday will come and the Garden of the Master will be crowded with interesting People.
But as for every new Master, Mastering a Craftsman ship, they would first need to wind down and digest the lessons, because be a Master, comes with the responsibility, to teach others the same way.

There was no writings be made or necessary, because the heavy matter would be dead, and it would only be a burden, while pilgrimaging through the lands.
A true Master knows its wisdom, and must not memorize heavy books with meaningless words, if a string and a ring, in the hands can visually teach the Pythagorean Triangle.

Christos was blissed with the beauty of the Symmetry.
Now it became obvious, why humans look like they do, in their very special own way, as the manifestation of their true being inside.
Until the Sunday he would enjoy life and think about it, and in 12 days at Sunday be back at the garden of the Master.
It was beautiful and the spring was booming in its full color bliss and the smell of the different flowers and trees.
Just at the moment when all the cold days are over, and the summer will come.

The principle of stability was completely new, since he never thought about the body like that.
After a two-day pilgrimage, a women was coming from the opposite direction and at that time people would greet another and have a small talk, to share the news and know what is going on in the world.

In the family the elders will inform the young people about everything they knew, since only the priests scholars and their clerks could read at that time.
But the people were not stupid at all and could count with their fingers, to trade goods on the market.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 2
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Myriel said: "Hello Christos you seem friendly, yes after two days you will approach the city, just stay on the road upwards the river and you will find it.
There is a summer festival to celebrate to the beginning of the summer.
It will begin in three days, this suit's well for your Master Carpenter celebration, what do you think?"

Christos: "Good day Myriel, thank you I just thought the same about you.
Oh yes now I understand why the Master said I would better take the long way home, and would find a suitable Master feast on the way.
But tell me, what is it about?"

Myriel: "It is a people's celebration but the Masters from far will come and have a contest, to find prove on their concept they are teaching.
It is martial arts based on east philosophy, and will go on for several days until the final.
I had no time and must go back for to till the rest in the garden and take care to the animals, but it will be interesting to see which martial art is winning, since they have to fight against many many many competitors, and for one fight club, with its philosophy and their concept, can only one be representative and enter the arena."

Christos: "This is indeed interesting, but don't you think, that this is a bit brutal?"

Myriel: "They have strict rules. It will not be a knockout fight, so the fighter will fight against many contenders, and will not go below the waistline, nor bite or scratch or anything else.
They are very well trained, and work as guard and police to keep order in their lands.
That is why they train and learn and train, all their life and never stop exercise."

Christos said: "Thank you Myriel, I wish you a good journey, on your way home."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 3
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
The city was impressive in size and had a water system to distribute fresh water.
After the main gate Christos walked across a huge market where the last preparations were made.
In the center the arena build from wood, surrounded with spectator benches.
Besides the market stall's where each discipline have elderly Masters talking to people.

Finally the next day the celebrations begun with a speech of the king in this kingdom.
It was very interesting to see the difference, as Myriel has stated.
Despite this complete different concept, not one had real weakness or disadvantage.
Every Art would have its justification and would be supreme against gangsters and violent people.

Of course in this tournament is always a winner and a looser.
Many competitors from far came to prove their supreme skills, and it went on the whole day.
Only one Art was very different, where they would not beet with fist and foot, but rather try to get hold of the enemy and wrestle to conquer.
This seems the only complete different Art of them all and would lagging behind, since they would require to come close to the enemy.

On the second day the fighters begun also in the morning, and now the successors from yesterday would fight again and again.
Some would now show signs of fatigue, and that is the moment where they loose, just two seconds of absence is enough for a knock out.

A special Art was outstanding, where one of the representatives, also had the first fights on the first day like many of theme.
The Art seemed more like dancing and react, instead of act like a bull.
Every evening, the people had a feast, music and dancing, while during the day the philosopher and priest would also speak on the market place besides the Arena.
Good food and interesting conversations between the fights.
On the third day, not many competitors where left to fight and it came to the final in the evening, just before the sundown.

Now some of the fighters where wounded or tired and could not compete anymore, even if they tried as hard as they can.

But again there was this special Art and the fighter seem to be in good shape, as on the first day.

It was him entering the final with one other, who also seemed supreme after all these single battles.
The other one was tired, the eyes red and all effort useless.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 4
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
After the Winners Ceremony, the feast came to its apex and everybody would welcome the following summer and its harvest in the fall time.
When Christos went for another cider and a shisha, he noticed the fighter at the market.
Just with his elderly Masters he would talk with people, but after all this intense workout.

One market stall would smell different with herbs and spices that smell completely unfamiliar, and he did not tried yet.
On the palm leaf that tasty food was served, and he could not wait to taste these unknown spices.
When waiting, the fighter came by and asked also for their food.

He the fighter said to Christos: "I see you have a good taste, here is the best curry like at home."

Christos replied: "Curry, I never heard of that spice, what plant is it from?"

Now the food was served to them on the palm leave, and the fighter and Christos went to sit and enjoy their meal.

fighter Answered: "You never had curry, that is courageous, then you must know that it is very very very spicy, because this is healthy!"

Christos replied: "I did not know thank you for the advice. For spicy is not a huge problem, since my last Master has peppers in his garden, and cook tomato's with it for a long time. He call his type of peppers: pepperoncino; but I never saw them some where else any garden.
I will try."

fighter said: "There are multiple spices to make the curry, and every family has their own tradition, like the Art is the same secret we keep.
It is only to that the gangsters and violent people can never learn it and use it, the same we have our curry tradition.
There is ground coriander, cumin, paprika, cayenne pepper, chili peppers, turmeric, black pepper, and ground ginger."

Christos said: "Oh it taste very special, what a difference! Thank you Master I did not know.
Now I feel the heat, oh yea it is even more intense as the hot tomato sauce from Master Vitruvius.
I always feel very well and relaxed afterwards, when the heat is declining, and never felt the spice would cause harm, but health instead.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 5
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
fighter said: "You are very clever my dear Christos, that is exactly the case and its purpose.
Curry has also a wide spectrum and creates a good feeling where no dessert is needed.

Christos was astonished and Asked: "where do you know my Name?"

fighter Answered: "I have the best regards from our beloved Nada for you. We are all very proud of you indeed you are the bright kid around.
My name is Sanat, and I teach the people in the village to defend them self's, when they are on the road alone.

Christos said: "Now I understand everything, and what a pleasure to meet you Sanat. Just give me a hug!
But tell my how are you doing this, how is it possible that you still sit here after all these single fights, while the others were looking tired or worse.
I see only a small snatch on the eyebrow, and a scrape on the chin, I can not understand?"

Sanat: "There is multiple factors as the fundament of this concept.
Our Art is the philosophy of Master Ng Mui, which started the movement that we are joining.
It is a direct counter part to Kung-Fu, specially effective where a woman that is well trained can neutralize 5 opponents in only 1-2 minutes, and each of them are men.
Her task was to bring the wisdom of the shaolin Master but convert it for women, where it is fully defensive, except as I said, if necessary it is fully pre active to succeed.

Christos asked: "For women that is impressive, but how could a woman win against the physical advantage and Kung-Fu of the gangsters.
I can not see how this is possible an if, every woman should learned last Year!"

Sanat: "It is truly astonishing the same as the shaolin Art itself. I will show you the basic technology on how to use it, tomorrow and it will only take 12 minutes.
But it is more than that for the women and also men to learn.
It is about training to learn the rest and be able to win against the Kung-Fu gangsters.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 6
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
The first part is the most important. If we receive a blow to the head, then the game is in most cases over.
This is because the brain will be traumatized thus the sensors are also out of alignment, as if we become very very very drunk in only 1 second.

Christos replied: "Oh yea I know that 1 too, of course. But what about the stomach and the ribs, since if I received a stomach bread, so to speak, then I was breathless for 1 minute."

Sanat answered: "You are right, therefore she developed the defence system, where one arm supports the other.
Then the posture with a low center of mass also helps, where the Kung-Fu gangsters would use the fists, to control the opponent and after a few dozen of second they always perform the roundhouse kick.
In this moment the must turn their head, because the full rotation and that is the point where we go in and kick their balance feet or leg, while ducking to avoid their attacking feet completely."

Christos said: "Oh yea I saw that when you were performing, and then the repetitive head beating as the consequence to nock them out, when they are on the floor.
That was really impressive, can't wait until tomorrow!"

Sanat said: Thank you my dear Christos.
Now the rule is to keep the attacker in a distance bigger then 6 feet.
If the enemy is closer means that every attack must be predicted, and just at the moment the attack is blocked, the attack itself will be used to counter attack.
It is because the force and mass of the opponent are in disengagement, the same as a bow where you must bring a new arrow into position.
Then the second ingredient is the training of the body.

Christos asked: "What do you mean, have the women their dojo and fight full contact?"

Sanat answered: "Yes but they have not their dojo, but we are all in their dojo, means we train together in their dojo.
The training has a special goal, without this, wing Chun does not work for our village people, myself included.
A loving heart can not hurt others, and will be petrified when attacked.
Even if one is attacking as a consequence of their natural basic instinct, it would not do any harm rather than be a silly wave about.
This can only take place if the person is never ever ever ever experienced this situation before, we would act irrational and also the inner self is completely against it.
Then comes only one counter strike to the head and voila game over.

The same applies to the body, let me give you an example.
Every spring when we go barefoot again, it takes a few weeks to get use to it, as if it is normal and it does not hurt anymore."

Christos said: "That is true it is always that way, just some training on daily bases."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 7
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos said: "The exact same is when begin as Apprentice to work Craftsman ship at the construction site as carpenter."

Sanat replied: "exactly that is why Ng Mui suggest to use the tree of practice, where we go into the forest and looking for a suitable tree.
Then 4 times a week we practice there, because some people live far away, and can only join the dojo once per month at Sunday to talk and practice, to see if they train the right way.
The tree is hardening the fists, arms and legs the same way as the feet get use to walk barefoot and it will take only a few weeks, in spring where it is in between comfortable and pain.
A real pain is completely different and will hurt in a way, for us to understand that our body can not agree to the current situation facing.
Therefore Master Ng suggested a slow ramp up when using the tree, where we train only with out pain.
If after a short time the pain begins to develop, we stop and wait until there is no pain, the next time we train with the tree.
It is absolute effortless and painless, the same as with the feet in spring, when walking barefoot, otherwise we make a break until the soring feet are calm down.

Christos said: "It is true, when I tried to force my self, the pain would grow too much until a break is unavoidable, despite the rush to reach the new Master.
Otherwise with a break just at the verge of pain, it would calm down and then I could walk normally again, the same is with the heat on the sand.

Sanat explained: "Exactly, that is the upmost learn and practice technique ever, where it is optimized for full efficiency.
The third factor is the balance and the symmetry, besides the Submusculature which make this possible in first place.

Christos asked: "What do you mean with Submusculature, and are you talking about the body symmetry and balance, but which balance, I can not understand?"

Sanat answered: "Yes you are exactly right, our body balance due to the symmetry we train for.
The Submusculature is the second set of muscles, which is orchestrated as layer, the same as the main muscles, to work together in harmony as one symphony.
Only difference is this layer is the fundamental layer, and on top of it the normal muscle layer will develop with secondary priority, since for walking and talking is almost only the Submusculature layer responsible.

Christos said astonished: "That is very interesting I did not know about that, nor even think about babies learning to walk and speak.
But there must be many many small muscles involved for these tasks to execute, do you have an exercise for any muscle and how long is the program in total when performed?

Sanat answered: "Good question. We indeed have a exercise for any muscle of the Submusculature, but the program to train all these muscles is only made of 7 exercises, and it takes only 7 minutes.
It is about the repetition that creates the muscle memory of the perfect shape and symmetry.
But even here with this power yoga, it is the same as with everything else we ever do.
The Quality is above the goal of Quantity, and after six days we make a break for 1 day, that is usually the Sunday but can be chosen to suit any situation of life.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 8
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos said: "Yoga based, that is interesting since all martial Art discipline and culture using yoga as a base to learn focus on the situation to come.
Except there is something else I found. There are the ones with the black nomad garments, from the dessert with name Hashshashin, they went out at the third day.
A old man told me that they use Hashsh to raise their awareness, and then with the black garments and a loud screaming, the enemy would be scared to begin with, and use this technique to their advantage.
I can not understand since when I smoke their shisha and drink mint tea at their market stall, I was more peaceful than before.

Sanat replied: "That is their hidden little secret you are talking about.
Just give me a hug my dear Christos, this is the forth ingredient to become independent and Master any situation to suit our self, and never retreat and never surrender ever ever ever again in our life.
Almost all members of the Art knowing this and use it as part and had embed this into their superior technique.

It is called the state of higher consciousness, the ultimate state of awareness.
Plants, Mushrooms and Cactus have species that are a special gift from our Father in Heaven, where the tea is made by extraction of the substance.
The knowledge is as old as humanity and even some animals, walk once per Year to the border of the desert to eat the fruits on the floor that also creates the effect.
Every shaman of the indigenous people knows which plant for which purpose is used.

In fact this is how the medicinal usage of plants came to be, where the shaman have used the plants as gift from god, to connect with the higher self, which is God, and receive the answer to the question from the animal and plant kingdom directly.

Never forget, God made us in his same image, and nothing less. This means simply if we can connect to our higher self, then we receive the Answer from God directly.
But God is a busy man and has Angels to help him out.
These in return will inform God about the wellbeing of his children and anything else.

That is why it is best to understand it as our better half, that takes place in this higher state of existence.
Only the connection can not be fully established, since we also must walk and talk.
This becomes a partial experience, where the Angels do the rest for us children of The Only True God.
If someone does not obey the ten commandments of unconditional Love, then it can happen that one gets possessed by a evil entity and the owner of the body can not return.
It is even worth where evil people do this for material and physical power to gain advantage over others.

Christos said: "I did not know that the Masters of Art using this as their secret weapon, and the herbs to heal different types of diseases, I also never thought about it that way.
Thank you Master Sanat for the enlightenment I receive right now. Is this your secret on how you won the competition?"

Sanat answered: "Oh yes it is the higher state of consciousness, which in the end made my success possible."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 9
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos asked: "But if the other did the same, why is yours so superior. Do you have found the ultimate extract?"

Sanat answered: "No not at all, the state is the same, but the way to become the higher state of consciousness is completely opposite, where we use no external extract, but we use what is already inside of us.
It is directly related to the 7th exercise, where the 7th is the one that trains the specific muscle that act as an energy source to reach the higher state of awareness.
The first five exercise will train the Submusculature, and creates the muscle memory for the perfect symmetry of our body, which is based on the spine.
The spine is the connection of the legs, arms and of course the head.

Christos asked: "The perfect symmetry, what do you mean with that, since when looking at the spine, the muscles are already orchestrated fully in symmetry. I can not understand?"

Sanat answered: "You are right the spine and its muscles are in symmetry with each other, but now just look at me when I turn my self 90°.
Now you see me from the side and that is what I meant with perfect symmetry.
Imagine at the morning when we stand up, the body is like a bow and we tend to lean forward, like elderly people that can not walk straight anymore.
Exactly this tendency to lean forward will dictate our daily life, where even women must lift heavy things like water and grain.
If we have this Malposition of the body, then people will lift with a non straight spine and with the law of leverage, the force on the edge of a spinal disc is too strong, and from then on they are disabled or even live in pain.
That is why we only need to train the body in the healthy direction and after the 7 minutes the body goes back into the symmetry and not beyond symmetry back into the Malposition.

Christos said: "That sounds somehow as if this feels very very very right with the symmetry, because on the construction site there are the strong men.
They have that deep voice and are tall with all their physical size, but I noticed that the never lift with their spine straight.
I would become problems with the back, so at at lunch time I would ask one if he never has problems with that.
He told me that it is his training since this would train the muscles on the back while working, and another explained it similar to me.
But as the day came to tiling the roof, it was funny that these strong men with the deep voice had started to complain first, but the rain was about to come and Pythagoras had to put his foot down for them to understand the situation.

Sanat replied. "That is it, I know this also. We have a group which carry the luggage for the rich people and rich tourists, when climb a mountain.
But these rich people do not have only the necessary items which creates luggage items they can not even lift them self without physical injury.
But these Sherpa carry these bags without damage at all and in most cases barefoot if it is not too high in the mountain.
They have become Masters just by train the perfect symmetry and stay in it the whole day.

Christos said: "I never heard of theme but the men and women of Sparta would have the same principle, to become the ultimate enduring body and mind."

Sanat explained: "You are very clever and have already learned most of it.
Yes exactly there are others using the knowledge. It was originated by the Great Mountain where there are many different secret hidden and locked Libraries, as we found out.
As if the people who designed the Tablets knew that this will be lost at some point, and to bring it back to carefully choose people, they have made these hidden Libraries.
All this Wisdom seems to originate from a place lost in the see, where in the last minute the people would flee and one group would pull back into the Great Mountain.
But before they went home, they have made all these underground systems, with their supreme technology which we do not have.
They said it is too early for humanity, since their fall was based on the misuse of the technology by a tiny minority of 1% from their population.

Now to the fifth and most important training practice to win the contest after three days with success, is the type of kundalini we use."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 10
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos said: "Kundalini! I heard about that but could not find out how it really works.
They say that in the meditation the Master would enter and descend the inner cave where the kundalini snake lives, and then while the snake is at meditation, just hit her head as hard as possible since it would only be one chance to do so.
I asked how to do this, but it was one of these Guru guy's who wanted money for his ultimate wisdom, and him self would not even look like it behind his afternoon wine.

Sanat replied: "The Guru's oh yea, the Guru's. This is very dangerous and we never ever ever ever do this, since it is complete non sense and unnecessary.
We use the Tao of Love, and we do not force and beat no one inside of us ever, and the training is all build on the same underlaying concept that is, unconditional Love.

It is obvious that if our mind that is: I think so I am, is in unconditional Love then our body can fully align to it.
From now on the next level is our environment, the animals, plants, mushrooms, humans just everywhere we go and interact or just simply by our presence, we also sourcing unconditional.
This leads into a state where Animals and Plants, which are also unconditional by nature, will see the light of God as unconditional and align also.
They are always aligned to God but with a direct source in their vicinity, they have much more of the life force and will thrive even better.
In return this creates a field of energy unconditional, and is then the garden of the source, that helps to realign to God even more.

This is the win win situation through out the whole heaven and every thing in it.
Games of humans are designed to create losers so people begin to hate each other even if they were brothers before.
Now back to the connection of the higher self and the plants extracts and mushrooms.

Imagine these plants help us for ritual purpose where the shaman will know what to do, and then we can have these initiation process, where we can connect directly with everything, experiencing it, be part of it and understand its beauty which we can not see with our physical eyes.
It creates the neccessary fundament to become unconditional and obey the ten commandments at all time, but it is not ment to be used for daily experiencing it, nor for winning a contest, where we are conditional and expect the substance and our higher self to win the contest.

But if we now eat from our own garden, then we do the same but in different levels.
You have your Garden that becomes multiples of the unconditional, and if you eat your fruits and gifts from your garden, then you become even more and more, unconditional and your Garden will grow more and more.
The Plants and Herbs have their specific dominant harmonic Overtone, they are aligned to and which they represent.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 11
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos asked: "What do you mean with that, have the plants a specific frequency I can experience on my monochord?"

sanat answered: "Correct, every thing has its own frequency, which has a fundamental pitch to get in resonance with but also any of its harmonics, matching the Octave will represent a resonance frequency, only a bit attenuated.
The best example are the Flowers with the count of petals, which is the top layer manifestation of the dominant concept of creation and its appropriate Od Force Quality.

For the vegetables it is simple because we choose by intuition and the plants do the rest for us.
On the tablets of biology we found two groups, where one is for health and the second for the Wisdom.

If someone is sick and you need to help, then you can ask your Garden which herbs or diet to use.
The Answer from the Animal Kingdom will be quietly whispered, while the noise of the world is more loud by a decade times a decade.
Plants will help you it is the second group, that connect you better by help you align, until you can clearly receive the Answer and help other, if you are supposed to.

Each and every day when eat a fruit, herb and salad, you connect more and more with the All, by the one of the fundamental layers, that is the Clektal and their Flower Field multiples which build the next layers and become the Fractal of the upper layers, until the Atom, the Manifestation of Matter can occur through the full stack of all low level Layers.

It is in the end the Clektal and their Clektal-verse, that connect any other layer to the source, which is Elohim and the Seraphim and the creation Od Force comming from them.

Christos said: "The garden. This is very interesting indeed.
As a child in the wood we would always play on the same places where it was especially beautiful, like a tiny garden but I can not remember to have met these Gardner.
Dreams were all for a sudden interesting.
It just happen that I had met the widow in the dream, where she could not speak but only cry desperate from sorrows.
I knew her well because we would help here with the heavy lifting until she fall in love again.

But the dream was very real and I could not forget any detail, so I went there and on the field I met her.
She was very happy and said everything would be in order with her new boy friend.
I was very surprised, super pleased, and went home. but two weeks later I was told that she had to flee to her mother with her sun and no one knows where they would hide, because it ended up into a drama 7 days later.
Then the weather and rain was always respected me somehow and spared me from heavy rainfall in different ways, but this is something I could never talk about with people, since they would not understand and think based on the concept of coincidence, which I can not agree at all.

Sanat explained: "Oh yea there is no coincidence in the creation of our beloved God Alpha Intelligence, otherwise the name would become invalid and with it his beautiful creation.
This is the highest wisdom of our incarnation, that even if it is so hard to accept, but things may make sense in the bigger context which we will find out in the end.
So we shall not judge.

Christos replied: "This is true, we shall not praise the day before the evening."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 12
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Sanat said: "Since we have all Layers, let us built the Stack.
The Tao for the man is simple to understand. It is the root chakra energy center, the one with the Od Force for our reproduction."

Christos asked: "Does this mean that the root chakra has to do with the genitals of us men, I can not understand since they never told me that, these kundalini Masters with their money bag?"

Sanat answered: "The answer is Yes. We have the appropriate array of Tablets for each chakra and others with topics on all chakras.
The testicles are the most misunderstood part of the male biology.
I you think for one second for what are the testicles and the sperm, then you will find only one answer.
They are only used for fertilize the egg inside the female body and nothing else.

Christos said: "But they must be also the source of the sexuality, because I can feel that extremely strong. Indeed this feeling is stronger than the good mood after the sport, by a decade!"

Sanat answered: "I total agree this is right, but let me get a little deeper.
It is not meant that we do not have sex anymore but rather the contrary.
Our body system is complex and directly connected to the levels of creation, by the chakra in Resonance with the The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector.

The testicles are a storage for the sperms, but in reality are these also a power storage for the Od Force.
We do not need to release these powerful beings, which each of them can survive inside a female body for around 7 days, while performing a huge marathon and being able to fertilize the egg by merge with it.

Imagine if one now is clever and ambitious to waste 200 - 300 million of these creatures, that are very well living organism on their own.
The usage is simple to understand, and is for reproduction purpose only.

Now if this is true that we keep our energy inside the storage, then we must work with it, by bringing the Od Force in the upper chakras or areas of the body.
It is because otherwise the Od Force becomes too hot and like the boiling water, want to jump out of the pan, and then a part of it is lost and we can begin again.
The Visualisation helps of the pan, and then the spine is the True Od Force Tree connecting not only the physical parts all together but also the whole nervous system, while the Blood is the medium that represents the physical part of the Od Force delivering it to each smallest area of our physical body.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 13
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Now the 7th exercise is to stand straight and solid on the ground, while in the woods it works best but is not necessary. then I see my self as a tree where the feet are extended by energy roots in the ground.
Now the base is a deep breeding process.
Between our legs just before the testicles, there is a special muscle and is located at the Pelvis that is why we call it that way.
It is a training and a focus on the pelvis and then contracting this very very very special muscle.

The exercise begins with the perfect symmetry when standing, since we have already made the other exercise before. Perfect.
Now I slowly inhale and take a deep breath, until the lungs are full and the body is even in better symmetry.
While holding the breath I contract and fully release the pelvis 8 times, which seem to take one second each.
With every contraction of the pelvis, I see and feel the energy being pulled by the spine and reaches the upper area, and when release the pelvis, I do also release the thought of pulling the Od Force.

After this cycle I exhale without forcing, just by let all go out by itself and then a wait for a few seconds until I want to repeat the cycle.
I can also breath multiple times normal and then do another cycle, again just no force at all is needed in any way.
The training is just a bit better when do it in the morning, consecutive after the other exercise.
That way if I am somewhere and become tired then I can pull some Od Force and that is what I did to win the contest.

Other fighters have almost the same knowledge but in the end, this is the storage center that provide us continuously with Od Force, while all the external substances become tired because our body get use to it quite soon, and then it is useless and create the contrary effect, where they become dizzy.

Christos said: "That is true I could see the confusion in their face and that was almost always the last match where they went out of the tournament."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 14
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
Christos said: "But then all your men are true Masters, I have never heard of that technique."
Sanat answered: "There is a second and easy way in between, since it need also a partner which is supportive for the first year it take to successfully Master it without fallback.
The second method is so simple that it was unclear to us, why no one in the world using it.
Just before that moment, where the Od Force becomes too hot and wants to boil over, we can also use the middle finger and hold the pelvis, as if you would pinch a hose.
In that moment you pull the energy up via the spine and do the pull of Od Force half a dozen of times, but you must never release your finger, otherwise it will jump out.
After about 24 seconds the boiling has calm down and the Od Force pulled up so we can release the finger and everything is back to normal.
The energy storage is mostly physical, so this works perfectly fine and the effort is silly in comparison to the benefit it will bring, and will become more conclusive when we grow older.

Christos said: "Wow thank you Master I really never heard anyone talking about this concept of the Od Force, the true purpose and its usage.
I heard names like Chi, Ki, Qi, Reiki, Prana, Mana, Pneuma, but this one is new to me.

Sanat replied: "Yes never forget, we have the perfect efficient training, by use the unconditional State of mind and heart.
We never ever ever ever force our self to become a certain condition that is in our mind.
We never ever ever ever punish our self to become a certain condition that is in our mind.
We never ever ever ever do these terrible things to someone else, specially Animals Plants and Children."

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 15
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
After all we came to the ultimate and superior conclusion, that there is only one Answer to everything, and that is to Ask unconditional.
The Harmony Number Space Symmetry Vector is our alignment with the creation of our beloved Alpha Intelligence God, while this is the same as the creation it self, because the Elohim will be distributed by the Seraphim and from there, the energy flows into the Creation with its specific harmonic Overtone and its appropriate Quality and Frequency, which is extending infinite by the symmetry of the holy Octave.

We are directly connected with it, that is the secret which the rich people hiding from us for keep the consciousness as low as possible.
Each and every of our Od Force centers is directly connected, with the corresponding harmonic Overtone Of Creation, and its energy Quality and base Frequency.
This connection can be trained as I said. It is the same as a muscle, but has the purpose to serve as the connection, to be in full alignment with our beloved God in Heaven, Elohim and Seraphim.

This is the Source Mountain in Heaven with all the streams of Od Force Life Energy nourishing the lands, dimensions and everything within.

If we force or punish someone else or even us, then our Od Force centers ( chakra ) that are directly aligned to the appropriate harmonic Overtone, will completely fall out of alignment thus disconnect us from the Source and the Love Of God Alpha Intelligence.

Thus if we stay unconditional and fully align our Symmetry Vector with the harmonic Overtones of the Creation,
We become a source our self and the plants, animals mushrooms even the Water will see the Light Of God shining bright like a lighthouse in the new moon.
They them self are fully unconditional and will also become a source them self and shine the Light Of God as bright as a lighthouse in the new moon, and be our Garden for us and with us, the place where God is fully aligned here on Earth.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 16
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
The sixth exercise is the Yoga headstand, but I found that the hairs go out because of I only used a thin underlay.
It would be the perfect 6 but we found, that this is for the last part of life when people lost their hair anyway, and have no work to do thus no more exercise during the day.

The first 5 exercises are enough once each of the 6 days we train them.
After waking up we only go to use the toilet, but drink nothing, eat nothing and just do the 5 exercises.

The 7. exercise with the short pull cycle of the Od Force, where we pull it along the spine, will also train the pelvis and you will become better and better.
This is not only an exercise but also the Od Force usage in our daily life.
We love to drink a tea or something else that elevates the metabolism and creates a focus.
This helps us become motivated to work.

Each and every day we drink Tea or in Africa they have Coffee, that helps us ease our daily work, but imagine if you are somewhere and have no fire nor tea or pot.
Then you can use the 7 always and pull your Od Force directly from the inside, without any substance from the physical environment.
Even while drink a tea with the others at break time, I strongly recommend to use this gift all the time even before the tea, and make it one of the concepts that helps you become independent from the physical realm, and overwrites the constrain to life fully from physical food.

Christos said: "Hmm this is getting very interesting, I already heard of the Fastening Initiation Process, to become independent, but it was not time yet to learn about it."

Sanat replied: "Oh yes you nailed it. That is the connection to it.
When we made the initiation process, we were told to also never ever have sex in the 21 days of the process, and it was not an issue for us at all, simply we did not felt that way.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Tao Of Love
CHAPTER 17
Master Carpenter Vitruvius
THE RATIO OF BEAUTY
This means that the Od Force we pull from the pan is then the source for the Masters who have Mastered the physical plane.
There is only the mind and the training which creates the experienced Master.
In India there are many new Masters, because they are very poor and came to the conclusion, that let go something which they do not own in first place, is very easy.
On the market places they demonstrate their skill to be able to get in to hibernation and thus can live inside an environment, where others would die.
After that they are truly Masters and being appreciated as such and asked questions for to receive their wisdom.

Then our group from the Great Mountain. We serve in a way where we are just more trained and better aligned.
It was simple for us, because we had to leave everything behind. Nothing was there except our Home, the Tablets and us.

That is why we had more focus and time for the practicing and learning and perfect our self with each epoch.
I have to leave now but you will learn the rest, and we will be back with you, I promise.
The path is already laid in front of you and you will succeed.

Never forget that you are the Seed Of Life that has become the Flower Of Life, and that you till your garden with your Seed, and each plant in it will become, a multiple of unconditional and anchor the Love, like a Lighthouse at new moon.
From far they will see the light and become part of it and shine even more, until our garden of heaven is here on Earth like it did ever before.
They will feel the harmony, beauty and symmetry because it is in us already.
It will be reactivated and realign to the Source Of Elohim and Seraphim.
