
Christos
OCTAVE SYMMETRY VECTOR ALIGNMENT
Christos Apocrypha 7
URIM AND THUMMIM
The Great Mountain and The Sacred Wisedom.

Egypt - The Pyramid
The Great Mountain - The Shrine Of Wisedom
Language - The Sealed Sanctum
Fastening - The Light Initiation
Master Me - The Ultimate Backpropagation
The Beginning - The Vowels Of Creation
Kundalini - The Tao Of Love
Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 1
Egypt
THE PYRAMID
All the stories of Egypt and the Pyramids, were his upmost interest. Who would be able to build such houses and for what purpose.
The tales all had something in common, which not 1 could explain or come to a point.

It was the mystery if Egypt.

Christos decided that maybe the people telling the story's, could not grasp a concept and decided the only way to find out is to get there and find out.
These Pyramids, he was just stuck there the whole afternoon, petrified of the noticeable energy and appearance.
He knew that here he could learn. At the evening he came to a guesthouse and since, as a carpenter he had enough money, to finance his education by stay and eat in a guesthouse, to fully concentrate on.

While eating a good meal, he noticed a man, completely different looking. Somehow when return the plate to the Lady of the House, this man and Christos's eyes would cross each other, because he was drawn to look at him, like by an invisible force.
The stranger looked him in the eyes but at that moment, he felt not that this is a stranger, as if he would know him very good but had forgot about him.
And now he was already in front of the table and the stranger, nodded his head only very slightly, to ask him to sit.

He was also there because of mystery no one could explain about Egypt and the Pharaoh's.
They had good conversation about the world and its Alchemy, about the stars and their meaning, but Christos noticed that the man never eat something, instead he would drink Tea, and somehow it seemed as if he chew slightly on something, but never Christos saw him having a plate with the food to eat.

Christos asked: "Tell me Master, why are you so different, and why do you never eat here, even if it smells very inviting".

Master answered: "I come from the Himalaya, and we are a few people live high in the mountains.
They are very very very high some of these mountains, therefore the period to grow food is only about 3 month, and Animals could simply not live with us in the Caves and Halls, while have no grass to eat, besides we would not eat them anyway.
We have found secret chambers high in the mountains, where no one ever would find the entrance ever ever ever".

Christos: "What do you mean, were there people living"?

Master: "No there where no Humans or Animals in there.

Before we lived on the foot of a high mountain, where we had a normal cycle to grow our food, very tasty fruits, farming and having chickens and rice fields with fish in it. The perfect life, where everyone had enough.

But the problem was, that from a far village a group of robbers and thieves, plundered our village, just after harvest time they came in and then after the winter they came to plunder the tiny left over.

This was not the only problem, because we all lived after the Law of unconditional Love, where every member as a young adult would be initialized by our holy and sacred ritual, in order to understand that there is nothing else ever, than unconditional Love and forgiveness.

We would not build and Army and fight against, and wait on watch towers to see them coming, because this would only enforce the war and hatred, and was out of discussion, because of our unconditional State.
The group became bigger and bigger, from all over, young people would join the terrorists, to have an easy life as parasite. So the split in groups and plundered the lands and innocent farmer villages like ours.
At the moment where something unexpected happen, just at the tipping point of unbearable, one of us received the blessings, and a vision from God.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 2
The Vision
HIMALAYA THE SHRINE OF WISDOM
She was asked to lead All of us high up in the mountain, and we would receive the reward for not fall into conditional, despite the temptation in its most pure form.
That we only would need our smallest belongings, and leave everything behind, and that we should not fear for nothing.
So we did, and walked away just like that, but in the afternoon when we came up the hill where we could look back the last time, we saw smoke arise from our village.

At the evening we met a fisher man with a chariot and two ox.
He said that he had too much fish loaded, and the ox would have to hard of work, for pull the chariot up the hill since now it was steep on the mountain side.
Now we had enough food for our journey besides the herbals we found and eat while walking. At night she would receive the new vision, for to know where to go, and it was such a bliss, as if she would know the area already.
The mountain went very steep after the woods have disappeared days before, so we came to bottom of the massive rock face, with impressive size and had snow on the top that never melts off.

Somewhere there was a hidden passage, we were lead to. It was not really hidden but no one would ever have thought that it leads somewhere.
We found some sort of narrow passage with step like carvings, that would look very natural but build a staircase.
It was exactly her vision but we others could not see this way leads up the mountain, so went curious and followed her.
It was pretty steep but always had something in the rock to hold on to, and after a 100 foot climb,
it turned into a real staircase but only build in the shape of the rocks, to fit the natural beauty. Still it was notable, a man made staircase.

We were led higher up until she said, we would reach destination.
All for a sudden the staircase went narrow and disappeared at some point, so she said ok we are a bit too far, and went back a little.
Really I could not see anything, but she knew that there is a door, we are looking at, and that we would push on one side because it would was not used for a long time.
Voila, the rock went open and a oversized entrance and passage led into the mountain. It had halls and passages, staircases and levels, rooms and water Cistern, it was not cold nor hot, and always the air was fresh, coming from somewhere.

This new home was very very very beautiful build, with the best knowledge, passion, tools and skills to build it, and we were officially led there to begin our new live, such a bliss, where never again the terrorists would reach us".
Christos was astonished about the story he would have never dreamed of and asked: "But from what would you live there and eat, since without sunlight no one can grow food, and therefore have animals"?

The Master said to Christos: "Yes we asked that our self's, since we had only a few smoked fish, small bags of rice and some herbals, but already on the first morning she said that in her vision she received special instruction to follow.
We would find and receive our gift as promised, that is waiting for us. It was hidden in a secret chamber, yea we saw that before, but this time the door would be sealed".

Christos asked the Master: "But the other main entrance door was also sealed, so no one could find it. I do not understand"?

The Master answered: "Yes but the first one was more hidden and get stuck after all these Years of not using it, while the hidden chamber was really sealed.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 3
Language
THE SEALED SANCTUM
She said that in the side chamber connected with the main hall in the 7 level below, that we need to gather together in the center of the room, and look towards the left edge of the chamber.
Now she was going towards the left side of the edge and placed her hands on the wall, while we had to come into harmony and sing and hold together a vowel that is "Ah".
That we need to feel the joy and beauty of the future and let the past go, to connect our self together with harmony.

Somehow, hardly noticeable, a strange deep noise appeared and the wall went open.
Inside we found the Tablets. They were very very very beautiful, a artwork beyond imagination, and there were many.
That is where the real interesting thing happen, where we would come together, be kids again and go to school so to speak.
She would be able to read the Language, while we others could not understand.

Letters would be more symbols with meaning, and each symbol was very very very beautiful in its own.
It was many texts and Teachings described by the writers. As soon as she had explained the story of a symbol, we would see the true meaning and everyone of us, especially the kids become able to read it our self's.
It is not a reading like with other languages, only partially, because it is more based with its symbols where one symbol would bring the image of the symbol into the mind.

I give you an example, just focus on the whole universe and all its creation an versatility.
We have a symbol for it: U

Now when looking at the tablet, then U would create lots of meaning thus information, in our mind.
The first teaching was important, she was told that we learn this one first and so we did.
It was about our body system and our survival instinct, where the animal begin to fastening, when wounded in order to survive.
Our Stomach can take the necessary nutritional values out of the food, but needs energy to process it.
This amount would be dependent of the food we eat, where fruits and vegetables give more final energy left over after processing the food.
It is fully related to the frequency of the food, where fruits and vegetables have the highest frequency".

Christos said to the Master: "That is true and astonishing, at home the basement was completely light less but the carrots have sprouted, since then I saw many examples like a lime tree that we cut off, but did not used for two years.
When we came back, it was summer and the long tree had sprouted and grown new small branches".

Master said to Christos: "Yes that is the life force, that is beneficial in our diet, while dead animals have all the fear of death in the meat, it is called Adrenalin, and that is what non vegetarians eat.
We where guided to learn a meditation, where we be in the light and a ray would even shine towards our third eye, so the light will adjust its color the suit the need.

Now we should learn more by performing the great process, as she said, where we would fastening for 3 weeks, 21 days. It would bring our body to the final frequency that would be the true gift, we had earned.
The first week would start a bit ruff but would be the consequence of the detoxification for 3 days, then there would be some Initialization taking place, in order to make it possible in first place.
So we did and after 3 days the hunger went off completely and everybody came into a state of awakening, where we need only around 3 hours of sleep instead of 6 to 8.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 4
Master Me
THE LIGHT INITIATION
Now we had time an lots of fun learn the tablets.

After the 21 days I had already gain back some weight and now it was even working better and better, with the light meditation.
The Fall time was coming and reminded us at the harvest, where we had a feast after work was done, but somehow this new life would feel right and no one would want to go back.

The next teaching was also about our body, but this time the two systems:
When we are awake, then the higher frequency harmonic is dominant, and our body is in focus with our mind.
As soon as we sleep, the lower harmonic is dominant, because the higher frequency is attenuating.
It is a time where our body does the cleansing and refilling of Cells with fresh water, while the waste is flushed as waste water, that gets filtered and recycled again.
Now in the Animal Kingdom are several species that do hibernating in the winter".

Christos said: "Oh yea that is remarkable, I ever wondered, since a Bear has a certain metabolism and needs lots of food and water in only one day".

The Master said: "exactly, the parasympathetic harmonic Overtones and Undertones. In the meditation would from now on train, to relax more and more. Just do nothing else then relax.
Everybody was excited on learn this state, and we trained allot, it was so easy.
At the beginning it would work but not long, until some thought came up in the mind, and that is perfectly fine.
Then we would just stand up and do something else and train later.

Really it was amazing, with all the silence in the mountain and the 21 hours per day left, to learn and read and study and then meditate again, to train the new concept.
As the winter was there, we could stay in the focus, by do this Not-focus meditation.
Now the light meditation become powerful to its full potential.

We learned that the gift we received, is the "Ah", that is the first word of our Alpha Creation, the Unmanifested Universe that then came into experiencing Existance so to speak.

The "Ah" would represent the light meditation and would be the prana for the Indians, the holy bread of God Alpha served by God Alpha him self.
The "Oh" is the unconditional Love from our beloved Alpha God in heaven, the Omega, which is the ability to bend the law of physics, as the Bear does, when hibernating.
The "Uh" is the third word of Alpha creation, where he fully harmonized with the Intelligence in the Nothingness, so the Intelligence in the Nothingness can come into manifestation and experience the Existence so became the Universe as we know it, and God Alpha, became Alpha Intelligence with the Nothingness".

Christos noticed: "now I understand, thank you Master".

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 5
Master Me
THE ULTIMATE BACKPROPAGATION
The Master explained: "These 3 words of creation are the most powerful concepts to train and learn and become better and better.
It is exactly the same with the physical body where we become stronger by training it and learn better how to do so.

A good example of ultimate training can be seen by birds.
They have such a outstanding fast perception, that it would be impossible by physical means of neuro biology".

Christos asked: "What do you mean, I can also run down the forest and omit the trees, because I can see them coming and can run around the obstacle, like the bird".

The Master replied: "You are exactly right, I could do that either, but imagine the bird is much smaller, and that makes the difference.
A 100 times smaller bird would fly through the branches without collision, but if you would be the small bird, then the speed would be 100 faster, for making the correct decision".

Christos was curious and said: "You are right this seems impossible to do so many decisions in 1 wink of an eye".

The Master explained: "The birds and others have become two superior concepts, and each and every bird became true Master in it.
The first problem arouse, when here on earth, Lucifer and his fallen Angels, came to earth and the old harmony became disharmony as we still have it since then.
This also influenced the Animal kingdom since the Lucifer and his devils would play their game not only on humans but also on animals.
They would take over a mind that is open to them by a small greed or rage, maybe a little lie.
Now when possess a mind they could hurt others through the possessed body, to turn people against each other, and tempt them with power.

All in all the animals went also greedy, now the baby birds would fly out of the nest, for the first time, but would not be able to fly back, because they had not 1 hour of training yet.
The Predators would be guided to eat all the baby birds, because it would take them 1 or 2 days of training, and learn how to fly until performing the very sophisticated task to land in the nest.

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER 6
Master Me
THE VOWELS OF CREATION
That is where Alpha himself became a bit sad because the tiny birds were one of his most delightful creations, beside flowers with good smell.
So he decided to let the first bird, that came out of the Nothingness, to create a trainings set, to include into the root Tree ( DNA ).
From now on, the birds could fly without even tried once before and fly back without touching the ground at all.
But the pre-trained dataset would include only the basic skill for any bird to fly, but there is smaller and bigger birds.

The second ingredient was the ability to adopt backwards, by using backpropagation.
This allows the birds and animals, to adopt to the Environment and include new experience, beyond the pre-trained dataset from the Ur-bird.
The new born baby would have all the current information available, in a way where the root Tree of each bird is fully connected with the root Tree of Ur-bird.

This is a live update process, that never stops and where Ur-bird also gets all newest advancement, of each of the child species.
The pre-trained dataset and the backpropagation Realtime update for the new babies is the most power full concept,
Alpha Intelligence came up with, after they became the 1 with each other. It was the brightest Answer".

Christos said: "That is such a beautiful teaching thank you Master for the enlightenment".

Master continued about the bird: "For the outstanding decision making ability, the bird does not process all these branches one after each other, because this is physically impossible.
Instead the bird would only focus on the destination, where he wants to go to.
Now if the bird would fly straight then before the obstacle, they would need to perform a curve eithter to the left or right, but it would be too late already.

What they came up with is a very very very well known technique, nature has developed. They make it much more simple, the birds are well known for their beautiful singing a orchestral harmony, but they are also one of the best dancers in the universe.
The same as huge rivers never flow straight, the birds also never fly straight.
Exactly like the river, the bird is alternating from left turn, then right turn and so on. Now the bird comes into the vicinity of the Tree, where the branches are the obstacle, and focus fully on the target destination.
The bird is in the curve already and at the angle of the eye recognize a obstacle.

Since the bird is already inside the curve, the bird just holds the curve a little longer until the obstacle gone, and only then go into the opposite curve.

That way, the birds are not flying through the branches but they dance through the branches and sing to the beat.
And yes they are the masters of physical intuition, trained up to supreme perfection, and all of that is in Realtime updated, so any baby bird has these capabilities, without 1 second of training".

Fluxgate, Fantasy tri folded space
The Great Mountain
CHAPTER ZERO
Master "Me"
THE TAO OF LOVE
Christos responded: "Thank you Master, that is impressive, I understand why our Father in heaven love them as much as we do"
The Master brought a Tea an said: "It is my pleasure to be here with you, because these are the tiny things, that the people can not understand, and therefore speak about it, the same as with the mystery of Egypt, they could not explain altough they where here personally.
Have you now begun the school here, my dear Christos"?

Christos answered: "Oh yes, I could subscribe now, a place became free for me, but I did not learned much interesting, that I did not learn already.
At the noon at lunch I was curious and asked some other Apprentices, they said it is the school of mystery, and that they had not learned the sacred knowledge yet themselves".

The Master said to Christos: "Yes it is nothing new, I am finish and made the Master of Mystery, but it will be the perfect training for you instead.
You will only learn and come to the conclusion, that nothing seems without a reason and therefore, its true purpose that can only be seen in the bigger picture.
All children of our beloved Father, will be subject to Lucifer and his fallen Angels, that will do anything they can, and consume and drain parasitic, the unconditional Love of them.
This holds more true in the childhood, where the child can not flee nor run away, from being the subject.
Give me a hug my dearest Christos".

Christos asked: "But how do you know that they were evil with me, I can not understand"?

The Master answered: "My time is over, the school of mystery done, now I got to go back.
We have our duty to help the people from the village, that the terrorist can not rob them any more. We know when they will go into a village, and can then warn them an make their horses go wild before they approach a village. This scares them pretty good.
And that is the last and final word of creation, the "U" but I leave now and go home to Himalaya. this is what you will learn as the final teaching in the school of mystery, but before you can exercise the life and as I said, learn that in the end even Pain had its purpose".

Christos gave the Master a big hug and felt, just as from the beginning, somehow familiar.

The Master said: "I came here to teach you and see what they offer in their school of mystery, we respect your task and will always be here for you, just ask your question, when speaking the words "Ah Oh Uh" in your meditation. It is your passion to bring back the "Ah Oh Uh" to the western world, to reverse the Luciferian Inversion.

Never forget, what I said a about the words of creation meditation, that they always must be together used and in harmony, in order to pronounce the last word, which is "U".

As I thought you, your sexual energy is the most important of all energy center chakras, although it is the lowest frequency, that only goes into its higher harmonics, if you use the Tao, for the man, instead of wasting and building and wasting and building.
The sex remains the same but this time it becomes even.. You will see, it is amazing.
It is the highest possible vibrational state without any other tools as our body, specially if you use the Tao.

And to pronounce then the last word the "U", you use the Tao".
They said goodbye to each other and Christos asked the Master: "But Master Me, the people will ask about, where these teachings come from, since I have never heard no one talking that way".

The Master answered: "That is a good question. We do not know who made the tablets, because they were from different times, with different teachings.
The Tablets would be different in size and artistic design and gem stone and Gold inlays.
After the first winter she received new instructions, and since then we were led into dozens of these hidden Libraries.
All made the same way, hidden and perfectly camouflaged, while on the inside the secret shrine with the sealing.

But we found that the different teachings come from different Civilisations, with somehow similar underlaying knowledge, which is to pronounce the "Ah, Oh, Uh" in perfect harmony and hold it there.
The knowledge itself is the highest perception, that we are in the same image, as our beloved Father in heaven, Alpha Intelligence, which is the harmonics evolution out of the Clektal, the .0 Metatron, which creates together the holy perception of I am the I am".
