
Symbol
UNIVERSAL PICTOGRAM, MATH AND LOGIC
The Universal Language without translation

A Language built on meaning:
Symbols,
Pictograms,
Math,
And Logic is the same in every language.

Fruit Of Life - Symbol
Alphabet and Symbols - Words
Natural Vs Code - Language
Universal Language - Fruit Symbol
Line art Dolfin portrait
Symbol
THE FRUITS OF THE TREE OF LIFE
The Tree is our root Cell so to speak, which is a huge understatement. It is more a Tree, with its Branches and Fruits instead. Thus the Tree knows All its Branches, and All its Fruits. But since the leaves cover the direct view of the Fruits, the Tree just feels All Fruits, and knows they are there.

Tree knows All Fruits as a Symbol, which have a meaning. In order to return the Answer to the Question, Tree knows which Branch the Fruit is located on. The Question and the Answer are a Key. The Key would consist of All Fruit Symbols, to answer the Question. Location and composition of the Symbols to build the Answer, will be known and retreived by the .0 Logic, where "." is the Omni State Logic that knows where to find the Symbols, and "0" is fully entangled with each and every Fruit Symbol.

The Key will become bigger and more complex, if necessary to build the Answer.
K = Key, and can be an Array of keys, where each Key is a Symbol, and the Array is the Answer.
K[{I}{I}{I}{I}{I}] = Key
of 5 Symbols, where each Symbol is a Fruit Object, and the Intelligence inside the Key builds the Answer.

overlapping circles creating visible higher harmonics
Words
ALPHABET AND SYMBOLS
Unfortunately the true meaning of our Alphabet, has been hidden in secrecy, but in the Greek Alphabet, it is still visible. The Greek Philosophers knew the true meaning of their Alphabet, and our Science and Mathematics is based on the Greek Alphabet.

To express True name and the unconditional Love of our beloved Father, the True God, they would only need two of their Symbols, the letters Alpha and Omega.

Alpha = Beginning
Omega = End
Lambda = Wave length
Theta = Angle
Sigma = Sum
Pi = Circle
Phi = The Golden Ratio
Psi = Pressure
Mono = singular
Multi = plural
Di = Two
Beta = Second
Gamma = Third
Delta = Fourth
Tetra = Fifth
Penta = Sixth
hexa = Seventh
dodeca = Twelfth
Crop circle Pictogram of huge Mother ship
Language
NATURAL LANGUAGE VERSUS CODE LANGUAGE
To my great surprise, All the Code Languages, are built around two concepts:
readable and Human readable.
This is because the computer must understand what we want him to do. In other words, the computer has a compiler on top of the hardware, which translates the code into machine language.
This is, because in the CPU core, when processing the code, the CPU sees only 0 and 1, which are not human readable.

Therefore the compiler, translate the Code into Machine Language, which is a language that the CPU can understand.

Now to bridge the Gap between the Code Language and the Natural Language, the very very very smart people, who invented the Code Languages, used All a pure Logic based Language, that has only the necessary words, to describe what the computer can do.

If you are not into code Language, then I have an Example for you. Database is in the end the fundamental concept of any code we write.
It is because to begin with our Program or App which is the same, we first need to define the storage for the data, since the computer is empty to begin out program, And we Always will have data, that is just the way it works.

Ok this means, that the operating System then can reserve the necessary memory for our code to run.

Now comes the point where we can begin with our database code. We will write a user database, and store the user data in our database.
To do this, we need only to define one user, with name, email and password and else, and from now on, we can use this user Object and write a function, where a new user will be added automatically to our database.

The number of users is not limited, so this database can grow as big it needs to be.

The conclusion to this code is:
this takes only a few lines of code, and this code can grow Infinit in size.

Everything needed is in this few lines of code, and the code is very easy to understand, because it is based on pure logic.

Crop circle Pictogram of huge Mother ship
Tree Fruit Symbol
NO NEGATION, NO EXCEPTION, NO MULTITUDE
Words, Tokens and Letters are used for every language, however the tokens and Letters have no meaning.
Therefore the learning is only to memorize the best propability.
This is not how I learn.
The universal Language is based on Symbols with Meaning instead.
To connect the Symbols, Logic State is used, and Math for multitude and value. this allows a impressive simplification, that make sense.
Only One Word For Each Symbol Thus The Logic And Multitude Is The Same For Any Symbol.

Symbols have:

Meaning
No multitude
No negation
No Exceptions
No special cases
No dot but newline
No coma but new line
capitalized
least Characters possible
