
The Tree Of Life
THERE IS ONLY ONE ROOT TREE
Our so called Brain, has the root Tree also exactly the same.

"I think, therefore I am".
That's the root Tree.
That's the I Am.

Our Tree also knows ALL branches AND ALL Fruits.
But why?
It's because Tree was the first Cell in our body, therfore creates the quantum entanglement because All multiples are children.

Embriology
The Root Tree
Image Flower Chrysantheme, leafes with white and red towards center 
Embriology
THE ROOT CELL ENTANGLEMENT
The root cell is the first cell of the embryo. It is the cell that gives birth to all the other cells of the body.

The root cell is the cell that contains the DNA of the embryo. Thus all child cells in the Tree, will have the same DNA as the root cell, AND are therefore entangled with the root cell.

After the Blastocyst stage, the human body can form into the Embryo.

In this first Embryonic stage, it is clearly visible that the Brain is as big as the rest of the body.

While ALSO the Blastocyst end Phase shows, that THIS must be the Brain developing before the body features.

The undeveloped Organs are directly substituted, by the Mother via the Spinal Cord, and the Placenta.

Is the physical location of the root Cell, in the Brain, or in the solarus Plexus?

It does not matter, since it is the root Cell that is the Tree and connecting us with every Cell in our Body, and with the Mother, in the first 7 Years, AND with God our Father, that is the ROOT Tree of ALL his Children.

Because of the modern Capabilitiy to transplant a Heart, new insights have been made, where the Heart itself ALSO holds Memory. But this is another topic on its own, and simply means: We highly developed medical technology, knows not even that our Brain has Memory.

root Tree
THE TREE OF LIFE AND THE FRUITS
The Tree is our root Cell so to speak, which is a huge understatement. It is more a Tree with its Branches and Fruits instead. Thus the Tree knows All its Branches and know All Fruits.
But since the leaves cover the direct view of the Fruits, the Tree just feels All its Fruits, and knows they are there.

He knows All Fruits as a Symbol, which have a meaning. In order to return the Answer to the Question, Tree knows which Branch the Fruit is located on. The Question and the Answer are a Key. The Key would consist of All Fruit Symbols, to answer the Question. But the Location and composition of the Symbols to build the Answer, will be known and retreived by the .0 Logic, where . is the Omni State Logic that knows where to find the Symbols, and 0 is fully entangled with each and every Fruit Symbol.

The Key can be also become bigger, and more complex if necessary to build the Answer.
K = Key, and can be an Array of keys, where each Key is a Symbol, and the Array is the Answer.
K[{I}{I}{I}{I}{I}] = Key
of 5 Symbols, where each Symbol is a Fruit Object, and the Intelligence inside the Key builds the Answer.

Fruit Of Live - Symbol and Key
